Some tart fruits mixed with greens make a nice contrast with rich meat dishes ( see Orange and Onion Salad , page 111 ) , but if you like to follow the meat course with sweet fruit , it seems wiser to  serve  it plain with a good sharp cheese and let it take the place of a sweet or dessert course . If you insist on serving fruit as a salad , don't cut it into cubes and mix it up .   
To increase amount of stuffing , preserve ratio of half as much mushrooms as bread . Capon stuffed in this manner would most likely be  served  with pan-fried potatoes , broccoli , or cauliflower browned in oil .   
Add a pinch of mace if desired.  Serve  hot or chilled. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Chill until firm . Break up lightly with a fork before  serving  and garnish each portion with a mint leaf . Serves 6 to 8 .   
With black beans: Substitute black beans for the split peas and flavor with Madeira or sherry wine.  Serve  with lemon slices. With white pea beans: Substitute white pea beans for the split peas and serve topped with crumbled bacon bits.   
According to the National Restaurant Association, about 50% of new restaurants fail in their first year, 65% within two years. General Mills itself has bankrolled a couple of flops in recent years -- including Betty Crocker Treehouses, which  served  pie on elevated tables to the sound of tape-recorded bird chirping.   
With considerable justice , it can be said that England's second successful colony , Plymouth , began in an ancient Yorkshire inn beside the royal road leading from London to Scotland . Here William Brewster , between  serving  food and ale and supplying fresh horses for stagecoaches , risked his life to support the spread of religious freedom .   
Chill . Add the chopped hard-cooked eggs before  serving  . Garnish with cucumber slices and serve with an ice cube or two in each soup plate. Serves 6 .   
Codfish is a major item in the Portuguese diet . It is  served  so often that some tourists in Portugal jokingly insist that lunch consists of codfish and potatoes , and that dinner consists of potatoes and codfish .   
Garnish with grated coconut or shredded toasted almonds .  Serves  4 .   
Above us through the window in the roof , the neighbor children peeked through and giggled as they watched the strangers who had come to their village . Then our meal was  served  , and it was obvious there had been great preparation for us .   
Would everyone be willing to get up for 6 a.m. Mass on Sunday so Jack could accept a nine-o'clock golf invitation ? Jack's sons helped clear the table , and his wife  served  coffee and dessert .   
Pound cake was a favorite throughout the South . It was  served  at both Mount Vernon and Williamsburg .   
Bake in a dg325 oven for 35 minutes.  Serve  with melted butter.   
" I am , " she tells her mother , taking a huge bite . The food is  served  from aluminum trolleys wheeled down the aisles by members in rubber aprons who have been assigned a three-month hitch working in the kitchen .   
With a sharp knife, remove the bone and carve the steak diagonally in long strips.  Serve  with Bearnaise Sauce, Sauce Diable, Wine Merchant's Sauce (see Sauces), mustard or horseradish. If you insist on serving catsup , heat it first .   
She invited me to see the house where she , her husband and her daughter now lived . While she  served  me cherries in the parlor , she told me of her son who attended an American university .   
Size does not affect the taste , but it's wise to buy those that are uniform in thickness so that they will all cook in the same amount of time . Besides being delicious in vichyssoise and other soups and stews , leeks are a delicate and tasty vegetable ,  served  hot or cold .   
Heat and blend, add 1/2 cup of orange sections (peeled) and heat them through. Pour this rich sauce over the duck and  serve  with a barley and mushroom casserole and an endive salad mixed with tiny, whole beets.   
Sprinkle with cinnamon , a few gratings of nutmeg or chopped parsley .  Serves  4 .   
Hopelessly out of it was the person who somehow did not manage to squeeze that sentence into his conversation . The same year , 1923 , a survey showed that more than 5,000 " speakeasies " hideaways where illegal liquor was  served  existed in New York City .   
Roast as you do fresh ham (page 309) but allow 45 minutes to the pound.  Serve  with the same accompaniments.   
But the '60s comparison was apt, if not in the quantity of the Mobe, at least in the names and faces of its upper crust. On the Capitol steps, roped off from their congregation into a VIP area where they were  served  complimentary apple juice and trail mix, Daniel Ellsberg hugged William Sloane Coffin, Abbie Hoffman pecked Allen Ginsberg on the cheek, and Dr. Spock threw back his hoary head when Jesse Jackson told a joke.   
However , contemporary authorities suspect that greater attention was given to the Christmas feast . Among foods known to have been  served  were game pies , oysters , and wild duck .   
To poach eggs hard , cook them for 4-1/2 minutes . These are often  served  cold in aspic , or as garnish for salad platters .   
Arrange the sauerkraut on a large platter and top with slices of the meat.  Serve  with boiled potatoes steamed dry, hot apple sauce, plenty of crisp bread and cold beer.   
Add nutmeg and adjust seasonings . Sprinkle each  serving  with coarsely chopped spinach leaves . If desired, serve yoghurt as a topping. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Cook for 5 to 10 minutes more .  Serves  6 .   
Otherwise it will be tough.  Serve  the hot slices of steak on hot toasted and buttered French bread.   
We're going to ride horses and everything . " The Coffee Shop  served  a cookie sealed in cellophane with its milk shakes , and I broke the wrapping and took out my cookie .   
This is best prepared in advance and reheated .  Serves  6 to 8 . The following recipe for goose stuffed with fruit and served with rice is probably a result of German and Southern cookery meeting .   
Chill soup. Top with whipped cream and  serve  with rusks.   
It had been a blow to him to find Oriana betrothed , and to such a specimen ; it was increasingly uncomfortable to be in Major Venable's company , and to endure his gloomy stare . We were  served  an excellent dinner , which I heartily enjoyed , but the conversation at table had an adverse effect on Hotchkiss's appetite .   
Forty-eight patients were admitted to the hospital , as many were discharged . About 2,000 meals were prepared and  served  to the patients and employees .   
Heat through, but do not let boil. Taste for seasoning and  serve  hot. Serves 6 .   
If it seems a little dull, perhaps it needs a dash of lemon juice or a bit of grated onion.  Serve  salad chilled but not icy cold.   
You can even get good food now if you're willing to pay for it . " In his eagerness to interject himself , Simon leaned so far across Lady Rudd that Michael was temporarily blocked from  serving  him the soup .   
Float apple slices on top .  Serves  6 .   
A continual struggle . " She  serves  the inevitable cup of coffee and some crumbling pieces of home-made fudge that Edith Cohen has sent over in a cake tin . "   
As soon as a batch of fritters is done , put them in a dg200 oven until all the corn mixture is used up and the last batch of fritters is cooked . These fritters may be  served  with or without maple syrup .   
Sam talked to this man with great interest . Dr. Curry should have made great changes in the cooking and  serving  of food here at Sinai .   
Drop by spoonfuls on top of the soup and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar or grated lemon rind .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
" Cousin Torquil ! " " Dinner is  served  , my lady , " announced Pennymore .   
Chill until set. Break up with a fork and  serve  in soup cups.   
Add Madeira wine .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Scrub the potatoes and cook in boiling, salted water until done (about 10 -- 15 minutes, depending upon their size).  Serve  in their jackets (which make delicious eating) with melted butter poured over them.   
He invited all the bank officials of the state to be his guests at a banquet in the new mansion . A sumptuous dinner was  served  .   
The mushrooms should be done in 6 to 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and  serve  on buttered toast.   
Despite China's diligent efforts to remove all status symbols , Hoose noticed that " the grade of the Mao suit improves as you go up the ladder . " Senior officials  served  the finest tea , naturally scented Dragon Well .   
Cook for 1 minute only. Cool and  serve  over vanilla ice cream, or serve with a rich custard sauce.   
" I shall take it, then, and you can give him my carriage and horses. Don't  serve  the dinner till seven o'clock."   
A reward of l100 was offered to any person giving evidence of a conspiracy . A fifteen-year-old wench who  served  grog to sailors in a tough waterfront saloon was one of the witnesses .   
Add the saffron, clams, shrimp and lobster and simmer for about 15 minutes. Add the mussels and  serve .   
With parsley: Melt butter and add plenty of chopped parsley. Pour this over the chicken halves as you  serve  them.   
Pour into a mold or into 1-pound coffee tins, cover tightly and steam according to directions for Steamed Lemon Pudding, page 111.  Serve  with Hard Sauce, Brandy Sauce or Brown Sugar Sauce, pages 111-111, v4.   
To eat , pick the berries up by their stems , dip in the sugar and nibble . Fresh strawberries lightly sugared and  served  with plenty of heavy cream are delicious .   
Cover with Sauce Mornay ( page 111 , v4 ) , sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese and run under the broiler to brown . How often have you been  served  fried eggs swimming in lukewarm grease and staring up at you with glazed orange eyes ?   
Last summer, for example, Culinova, the upscale brand for gourmets, unveiled Monterrey Garden Ravioli -- a vegetarian ravioli accompanied by a green pepper stuffed with black chili. Despite the success of a similar dish  served  by some in restaurants, the General Foods version bombed.   
Liquid is added , the pan is covered and the rolls are cooked until tender over low heat or in the oven . Veal birds are usually  served  with rice or noodles .   
Saute in hot butter until brown on both sides.  Serve  with Sauce Soubise (page 111, v4).   
" The Moscovite Kentuckian it will be. And such lovely borsch we will  serve , with sweet corn and ketchup."   
This is an excellent starting point for an evening on the square . All the usual German-type dishes , well prepared and tastefully  served  .   
Peeled: If you like the skins removed, peel the potatoes after they are drained, season with salt and pepper and put back on the stove to dry and fluff. Pour melted butter over them and  serve .   
A true French omelet is never flat or firm, but always soft.  Serve  plain or with any of the sauces suggested for Plain Omelet.   
Pineapples come in various sizes. Tiny ones from Cuba will  serve  2 or 3 persons. Average size pineapples of 2 pounds will serve 4 to 6 persons, and the huge variety will easily serve 8.   
For a conventional informal dinner party , the aperitif period is adequately covered by a medium-dry or dry sherry , with the alternative for non-sherry-drinkers of gin and vermouth , or orange juice . Dry sherry , like other aperitifs , is often  served  chilled .   
Season with salt and pepper , and reheat . Stir in the cream just before  serving  . Serves 6 to 8 .   
Around 1800 we checked in the office for any word of the Allied invasion . Since nothing was new , we decided to have an elegant dinner in town instead of the thinly sliced sandwiches  served  in the compound .   
Onion : The onion is perhaps the most versatile member of the culinary armamentarium . Not only can it be  served  in an infinite variety of ways , but it is one of the most widely used flavorings in every course except dessert .   
Set aside to cool for several hours or overnight . Two hours before  serving  , add the olive oil , lemon juice , parsley and onion .   
Sprinkle with chopped fresh coriander , parsley or chives .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Sprinkle with chopped fresh mint .  Serves  6 .   
Usually it is baskets of slightly sweet buns and mugs of coffee brought in on trays . The entire congregation must be  served  in the time space of three hymns , no easy task .   
Mix . Just before  serving  combine the contents of both bowls , toss lightly , season with salt , freshly ground pepper , and Accent . Add French dressing and serve.   
Garnish with chopped parsley or chives , or buttered croutons .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
In all, bake 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and  serve  piping hot.   
More women to whom the human , or at any rate masculine , form is repugnant enter and with averted eyes set down pans of water , with a clatter  serving  the simultaneous function of awakening you from a much-needed sleep . The soap floating in the pan completes its resemblance to the dumpling soup served for dinner the night before .   
Flavor with lemon juice. Cool sauce and  serve  with cake. It is especially pretty served from a glass dish with a silver ladle .   
Do not boil after the egg yolks have been added.  Serve  hot or cold, garnished with mounds of stiffly beaten egg whites or whipped cream.   
This should take about 15 to 20 minutes. With chicken broth: Use chicken broth for the water or stock, and  serve  the rice with a chicken dinner.   
" Kutya should not be thick, " say the Ukrainians, for whom the dish is mainly ritualistic. " Kutya should be moist, but the liquid should not seep to the bottom, " admonish Polish-Americans who  serve  it as a dessert.   
It is conducted with no small comfort and splendour . When there are balls , though there may be four hundred people at supper , there is a servant in scarlet and lace to attend upon every four , and every one is  served  on silver .   
Chill.  Serve  with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl and sprinkle with dill.   
Garnish each  serving  with tiny rose geranium leaves . Serves 6 .   
When the soup is done , skim off the fat .  Serves  6 to 8 . Traditionally , pot-au-feu is served as follows : First , a bowl of broth . The meat and vegetables are arranged on a platter with boiled potatoes and served as the main course , accompanied by a selection of good mustards , pickles and relishes and good , crusty French bread .   
This is an excellent choice for a large Sunday brunch. It simplifies the cooking and a 3-pound piece of baked Canadian bacon will  serve  as many as 10 persons easily if you also serve eggs.   
Bake at dg375 dg400 from 30 to 40 minutes. Yield: one small loaf that will  serve  six continent people and barely four hungry ones. You can serve this wholesome treat as a meal in itself, still warm with sweet butter and a glass of milk.   
Moreover, Mr. Cantalupo has a slightly military manner. He is a proponent of opening restaurants to  serve  breakfast virtually at the crack of dawn.   
Do not overcook chicken or it will be dry and tasteless. Season to taste on the skin side and  serve  with shoestring potatoes, peas and onions mixed, and hot French bread.   
Avoid those that are the least bit soft. One quart of gooseberries will  serve  4 persons amply, and sometimes 5 or 6.   
Let us say party time is three o'clock in the afternoon. We will  serve : Whip the cream until stiff.   
The farm kitchen is a beehive of activity , a center where marvelous food is cooked and baked , canned and frozen . The last time I visited Mae she  served  roast pheasant .   
In the three-month period ending September 17, 1966, 33 such incidents occurred, and telephone employes were becoming reluctant to work on the West Side. At the meeting, one executive suggested that Illinois Bell hold an open house on the West Side,  serve  refreshments and explain the hardship on both the company and the residents caused by this vandalism.   
On the bottom half of each toasted , buttered bun place a slice of raw onion , brush with a dab of mayonnaise , add the cooked hamburger and top with a slice of thin ripe tomato , hamburger relish , sliced dill pickle and the top half of the buttered bun .  Serve  with additional relish , mustard and chili sauce , if you wish , but heat your chili sauce before serving , because cold sauce is not inviting with hot food .   
I'd have come down , Mary . Since when am I  served  breakfast in bed unless I'm sick ? "   
Hamilton had ordered the meal earlier in the day , which was the point which had caused his friend to consent to venture out . It was  served  promptly .   
Pour the syrup over the pears and bake in a dg350 oven, basting frequently with the syrup, for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the fruit is tender but not mushy.  Serve  plain, hot or cold. Or serve with cream.   
When done , fat should be well cooked out , and skin crisp and brown ( and delicious ) .  Serves  4 .   
The chief baker in Hong Kong , incited " by the authorities , " my father later told us , put arsenic in the dough , aiming to poison certain English troops . Grandpa , all unknowing ,  served  the bread at his breakfast .   
Garnish with chopped parsley or chives .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
You must have some sort of arrangement for keeping the hot foods hot a hot tray , chafing dishes , candle warmers whatever's available . The various kinds of fish which are eaten at the start are quite correctly  served  in their open tins .   
At each place was a napkin , shaped like a Christmas tree , and a place card with either a Clothespin Santa or an angel snapped onto the top ( page 172 ) . When the guests had finished the main course , Mrs. Dunn said , " The cake we are  serving  is Gateau des rois . "   
He had treated her ill, and had left her nothing but her eyes to cry with, her house to live in and the privilege of refusing her sympathy to all other unfortunate people, because, as she used to say, she had suffered everything that it was possible to suffer. (1 At the hopital des Capucins.) (2 A work by Fenelon, describing Telemachus' search for his father Ulysses.) (3 Georges Cadoudal (1771-1804) was a soldier and intriguer; Charles Pichegru (1761-1804) was a general.) As Sylvie, the stout cook, heard her mistress' step, she made haste to  serve  the breakfast of the regular boarders.   
That will do me good , too . " " Are you very busy ? " asked Gil Delgado when the drink was  served  .   
Cool in the sauce and then drain and chill.  Serve  as an hors d'oeuvre.   
Strain and taste for seasoning. Stir in the sherry and  serve  piping hot.   
Always arrange food and accessories so that they are most convenient for your guests . Have the hot plates where people will start  serving  themselves .   
There was the waking too early ; the first cigarette , lying in bed ; the shabby clamor of his body dragging him back to schooldays and a handkerchief stuffed guiltily out of sight in his tartan case ; Mother's rap on the door and entrance with a cup of tea , her hair in a net , her lips dry on a forehead surely even she would feel still sweated ; the tea going down , soothing , smoothing out , till it hit the bowel ; and rising , he began the day . And breakfast , brightly  served  and deliciously cooked , pleasurable beyond belief after the Bayswater gas-ring , sliced loaf and Nescafe .   
Turn the heat up at the last to brown and crisp the outside. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with grilled or fried onions and garlic bread.   
Place in oven and bake until syrup is absorbed by bread, about 30 minutes.  Serve  warm. Serves 6 .   
" Do? Why, you put out your hand, say " How do you fare? " and then  serve  her something tea, I suppose, though they say she drinks like a fish."   
Though once a popular fare in seafood restaurants throughout California, abalone is so expensive that it has disappeared from most menus. "I'd be happy to  serve  it, but the price is way too high, and I can't count on supplies," says Scott Bridges, the general manager of Dante's Sea Catch, a popular seafood restaurant in San Francisco.   
Self-service from a buffet is the best answer to many people and limited space. The food can be attractively arranged so that the guests can  serve  themselves from one or two sides of the table or buffet, then seat themselves informally both inside and outside the house if weather permits.   
Correct seasoning.  Serve  hot or cold. Serves 8 .   
I prefer this dish unthickened, but if you like a thicker sauce, add small balls of butter and flour kneaded together and stir these in until the juice is thick and smooth.  Serve  Oxtail Ragout with boiled or baked potatoes; tiny white onions browned in butter and cooked until just tender; and hot garlic French bread.   
Pour the sauce over the meat. Suggested accompaniments: Arrange boiled potatoes and onions around the meat on the platter and  serve  with buttered spinach and dill pickles.   
Each chapter in this book suggests one way that you can give a party or help a younger child give one. There are games you can play; refreshments you may want to  serve ; and invitations, decorations, and favors you can make.   
Heat gently ; do not let boil .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Stir constantly until thickened. Add vanilla and  serve .   
Second : The next step will be a lovely all-day process , just right for a rainy or snowy day Saturday , for instance , when there is no school and you have plenty of time to yourself . The Puritan housewife always cooked her beans all day Saturday ,  served  them for dinner on Saturday night , and again as leftovers warmed over the following Sunday noon .   
Fish and Fowl plenty. Oysters I think would  serve  all England.   
Several hams will be auctioned off , the proceeds of which will be deposited in the highest bidders' share accounts . Dinner will be  served  at 5:30 p.m. The price of the dinner will be $2^50 , of which $^50 will be paid for by the credit union .   
No one knows it is there until a beachcomber , searching for glass balls and odd bits of driftwood , sees the dark thing in the surf at four in the morning . He rubs his eyes , then runs to a seaside cafe that  serves  early breakfast to the perch fishermen .   
He savors good Italian food and likes the fruity white wines from the Rhineland-Palatinate, his home region. "Schmidt only  served  Coca-Cola," one Social Democratic official remembers glumly.   
Drain and chill.  Serve  as an appetizer or salad course.   
These will cook faster in about 15 minutes, but they are less like pudding and more like popovers. Suggested accompaniments: With your beef roast, browned potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding you might  serve  Rosemary Butter.   
For , instead of  serving  the interminable chips ' n ' dips , dough-encrusted sausages and spread-topped toast rounds , nuts and pretzels , to be followed by meat and potatoes , she introduces a note of elegant surprise with a crystal-clear amber consomme , a delicate Cream of Almond Soup , or perhaps an inspired concoction of artichokes and white wine . Graciously served at the table in lovely china cups , the effect upon the family and guests saturated with the ordinary , can be startling .   
Since he couldn't be too articulate around Mother , he appointed me as his intermediary . " Hell , I ain't going to be cooped up like a beejeezeley , sweet-smelling , bobbed-haired housewife , pushing a work table around like I was  serving  tea , " he exploded .   
It may have enough youthful charm to be pleasant and enough character to be recognizable , but it never fully develops quality and dies young and unfulfilled . These wines suit modern conditions when restricted storage space prevents wines being laid down and lack of time deprives them of proper care in decanting and  serving  .   
Sear the meat quickly on both sides over a high heat and reduce the heat and cook, turning the meat once more until the hamburgers have achieved your desired state of doneness.  Serve  as for Broiled Hamburgers, above.   
" Just like eating out of a can , " remarked Mr. Baker . While the guests were  serving  themselves , Larry and his mother put chili sauce , catsup , carrot strips , and bottles of relish on each table . When everyone was seated , Mr. and Mrs. Baker served milk .   
Most often , they were candied in a buttery sugar syrup ( after boiling ) . But they were also used in puddings and souffles , and plain baked sweet potatoes were  served  with great globs of country butter .   
Bring to a boil.  Serve  with croutons fried in butter until crisp.   
Put a lid on the casserole and bake in a dg350 oven for 1-1/2 hours or until the meat is tender.  Serve  with hot biscuits or hot bread and a good green salad.   
Or use a salamander a special French utensil which is heated red hot and then held over the sugar to glaze it . Cool before  serving  .   
With thyme: Baste with consomme flavored with thyme. With mushrooms:  Serve  with broiled mushrooms, broiled bacon and crisp potatoes.   
Bake in a dg350 oven for 1 hour.  Serve  hot with heavy cream or ice cream.   
Garnish with thin slices of lemon and sprinkle with snipped dill .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Season with sherry , salt and pepper .  Serves  4 .   
Season with salt and pepper and return chicken to soup.  Serve  with matzo balls, if desired. Serves 6 .   
Bake in a dg400 F. oven until thoroughly heated about 5 minutes.  Serve  from the casserole. Serves 6 .   
It was indefensible, he said, to celebrate the Lord's Supper at the Sabbath morning service. The proper time to  serve  supper was in the evening.   
This should take only about 8 to 10 minutes. Cut in wedges and  serve  from the skillet. This omelet benefits by being served with a sauce .   
He sniffled and wept, but Wolf Larsen was pitiless. " And see that you  serve  no more slops, " was his parting injunction.   
Derrick jumped up to get a cup for the fisherman, but Emil Hedla was ahead of him. Sinking back, Derrick watched his rival bring a filled cup and  serve  it to Clements, who rewarded him with a comradely smile.   
Chill thoroughly in a bowl in the refrigerator .  Serves  8 .   
Taste for seasoning and pour the sauce over the scallops.  Serve  with Gnocchi (see page 111, v2). This cut may be roasted, but you will find it much tastier if you braise it and serve it with a rich sauce.   
Benedictine monks have brewed beer at the monastery since it was built in 1455 atop the Holy Mountain, named for the religious relics discovered in a ruined castle. They  served  it to pilgrims.   
" Dr. McDonald was up with the sun. He took over a mess table and set up his paraphernalia. Ben followed my orders and told the cooks not to  serve  breakfast to any man until he had been vaccinated, and they obeyed.   
Chill. When ready to  serve , beat the reserved egg whites.   
Warm the soup bowls in a dg150 oven for 3 or 4 minutes . Add to soup 1/8 teaspoon pepper , 1 tablespoon chopped parsley , and just before  serving  add the 2 chopped hard-boiled eggs .   
This will take about 1/2 to 3/4 hour.  Serve  with grated Parmesan cheese and crisp buttered toast.   
Do not baste.  Serve  the rump roast with the accompaniments suggested for rib roast.   
Strain the juices from the pan through a very fine sieve and taste for seasoning.  Serve  the sliced meat with the cold sauce and with tiny gherkins.   
Strain the soup over all .  Serves  6 .   
The girl put her head inside the blanket across the cave mouth. " Enter now and  serve  the supper."   
Although it was farther north than Kabul , the weather that morning in Mazar was balmy . Breakfast was  served  in the hotel's huge dining room , which looked to be the size of a ballroom and , compared to our sleeping quarters , it was opulent .   
He greets diners in the front hall so "there's no doubt who's going to be cooking." He emerges into the coffee salon to receive compliments only after all meals are  served .   
Season with salt and pepper .  Serves  8 .   
Strain the hot broth into the tureen. If desired,  serve  with croutons. Serves 4 to 6 .   
For his lunch-time sandwiches the industrial worker rarely uses the traditional margarine and jam ; despite the high price , he may insist on butter , and ham or liver sausage to go with it . Scotch or Canadian whisky , or a good domestic or French brandy , hardly known about before the advent of television and magazine advertising , are now  served  when friends drop in , or on special family occasions .   
Stir in the butter , parsley and mint .  Serves  6 .   
Turn heat down, cover, and simmer for 2 minutes.  Serve  in soup bowls or deep plates.   
About 15 minutes on each side should just about do it. Cut into pie-shaped wedges and  serve  while hot.   
Turn them once or twice during the cooking, season to taste with salt and pepper and baste with the juices in the pan.  Serve  the fresh ham with the potatoes and onions, braised cabbage or sauerkraut, dill pickles and thinly sliced rye bread. Apple sauce flavored with horseradish or Fried Apple Rings and horseradish , served separately , go well with this dish .   
Cook up for a minute or two and add to the hot Rich Cream Sauce.  Serve  on rice and accompany with chutney and toasted chopped almonds.   
Add salt and pepper if necessary. Pour the sauce over the pork rolls and  serve  with buttered noodles, chopped spinach dressed with tarragon butter and ice-cold beer.   
Sprinkle lavishly with chopped parsley. With this  serve  a rice pilaff mixed with raisins and pine nuts.   
Steam over hot water, covered, for 3 hours, or until the cornmeal has become a firm loaf.  Serve  cut in slices with plenty of butter, salt, pepper, and if you like, grated Parmesan cheese. With sauce: Serve with any of the tomato sauces, cheese sauces, or spaghetti sauces suggested in the Sauce or Pasta chapters.   
Kaplan sat strapped to the toilet, fast asleep. " That's some coffee you  serve , " said Lederer.   
Next, remove the little green hulls. Choose the ripest, largest berries to use as decoration on the top of the shortcake when it is ready to  serve .   
It is flattened out and rolled with a bacon or pork strip . ( The butcher does this job ; you don't . ) It is best when sauteed quickly in butter ( page 111 ) and  served  on crisp toast .   
Sprinkle with nutmeg .  Serves  6 .   
Continue cooking, skimming surface occasionally, until meat is fork-tender. Remove meat and continue cooking broth until ready to  serve .   
Add the spinach about 3 minutes before cooking time is up .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
In the early 1860's it had thirty Methodist chapels and blossomed a few years later into a town of crowded cafes , German bands , illuminated hotels and a stock exchange where speculators from Melbourne made overnight fortunes . Red carpets were spread and champagne  served  underground to visiting notables .   
BACK IN 1984, TV viewers were amused by a clever new commercial in which a man in a bar hollered "Gimme a light," but was  served  a flaming torch instead of a mug of beer.   
For them, the General Secretary keeps open house. He likes to cook for his guests, shirt-sleeves rolled up, and to  serve  them himself.   
Drain thoroughly and chill . This may be  served  as an appetizer or salad .   
Simmer for about 5 minutes.  Serve  with rice, French-fried onion rings, chopped salted peanuts, a good chutney and sliced bananas dressed with olive oil and a little wine vinegar.   
Pour in pineapple, lower heat, and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes.  Serve  on hot platter with pineapple poured over. Serves 4 -- 6 .   
Much of the food value lies just under the skin and is lost if peeled away . After cooking , the skins will slip off easily , if you prefer  serving  them without their jackets .   
To ensure that hot soup reaches the diner hot, heat the soup plates.  Serve  cold, chilled or jellied soups breathing a happy mist of frost.   
For a bike-hike the stick should be omitted and the bagged lunch made to fit a bicycle basket, or a backpack if the outing will be overnight. Tail-Gate Buffet Picnic This is a very popular and practical way to  serve  lunch just before that big football game, or when traveling.   
Its delicate texture and surprisingly nippy taste sent me looking for it in markets to enjoy in green salads and soups . Coriander is often put fresh in Chinese soups just as they are  served  to let the heat bring out the sharp flavor . Before serving it so , a tactful host is expected to ask novices , " Does everybody like hsiang-ts' ai ? "   
The afternoon coffee was not an elaborate event . Mama usually  served  coffee bread and skorpor , which she always had on hand .   
Boil leeks (see above), drain and cool. Soak in a Vinaigrette Sauce (page 111, v4) for an hour or so and  serve  on a bed of greens as a salad course.   
Add to cooked prunes and bring to a boil. Chill to  serve .   
If well seasoned , it is tasty and refreshing . Unfortunately much of the " cole slaw "  served  these days is simply cabbage with oil and vinegar .   
Season with salt and pepper .  Serves  8 .   
Allow your imagination some leeway in soup service, according to season, time of day and dining occasion. Use your Old-Fashioned glasses to  serve  clear, cold soups on the rocks.   
Replace the top circle and garnish with sugared whole berries.  Serve  with heavy cream, whipped cream or sour cream.   
" You won't find the chefs. " Charles Masson suggests another way out: " If I were twenty-five, I would take a hole in the wall, about eight tables, with no unions, and  serve  quality food.   
Maybe it was only afternoon in New York, but my mouth began to water for that nicest meal in England, hot, strong tea with buttered scones, bitter marmalade, and biscuits. " When do they  serve  tea?"   
Whenever Chew Wong sulked , his cooking suffered , and it finally was decided to allow Bill the run of the kitchen . Chew Wong outdid himself then with the meals that he  served  up , and the kitchen rang with pidgin English and cackling laughter .   
They should be done in 5 to 8 minutes, but test with a fork or toothpick.  Serve  with parsley butter and lemon wedges.   
" Oh good ! " cried Miss Rhys-Jones , and a very wide smile that showed much of her upper gum spread across her face . With all  served  , the wine poured , the seconds put around , Michael stepped back for a moment by the screen while the individual voices mixed , sounding shrill and laced through with senseless laughter .   
You may need to add a little boiling water to the bottom of the kettle occasionally. Unmold the hot pudding and  serve  with a cognac sauce.   
Remove hulls either with your fingers or with the help of a paring knife or, best of all, with a little metal huller which can be found in any housewares store.  Serve  in a pretty glass bowl or one which matches the china you're using on the tray.   
Waddell , during the scuffling , tripped over a suitcase , fell on his shoulder and wrenched himself right out of the approaching World Series . Waddell used to amuse everybody by his antics donning a barkeep's apron and  serving  beer to a full house , diving off ferryboats or chasing fire engines during ball games .   
Toys and books were always put back in place . Meals were  served  punctually and all the children were expected to be in their places at the proper time .   
The maid even wore a little frilled cap and an apron. And when Aunt Marie wanted her to  serve  the table, she pressed a button under the carpet with her foot and a bell rang in the kitchen.   
Cover and simmer for 30 minutes . Suggested accompaniments : Traditionally Sauerbraten is  served  with dumplings .   
All this scarcely corresponded with the children's idea of what a family meal should be like . Jean-Claude and Jean-Paul would sigh : " What we'd really like would be a steaming tureen on the table and Mamma  serving  out the soup . "   
" Let us dine . " Refreshments were  served  buffet style .   
We learn aversions ; but if we try we can also learn to overcome them , though it is sometimes a slow process . I still remember my first exposure to high game venison  served  me by an epicure whom I greatly admired ; I didn't have the courage to refuse the stuff and show my provincial background .   
Add chicken, pimientos and mushrooms and keep warm over hot water.  Serve  in patty shells. Serves four .   
The fish is done when it flakes easily.  Serve  the fillets right from the broiler pan or slip the whole foil lining, with the fish on top, onto a platter. Serve with additional melted butter to which you have added chopped parsley, and lemon wedges.   
The liver should be nicely browned on the outside and pink inside. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and  serve  with Bearnaise Sauce, French-fried onions, sauteed potatoes and a good tossed salad with plenty of olive oil and wine vinegar dressing.   
When eating out, good, quick meals can be obtained from the spacious and elegant self-service cafeterias, found everywhere, among other places in department stores (EPA, Ringbaren, etc.) They  serve  wine and beer, but not spirits. Grill-bars also serve lavish portions, and, as they are run by Italians and Spaniards, service is brisk. Not so in a real Swedish restaurant , where it can take an astonishingly long time to get served , and even longer to get the bill afterwards .   
Bake at dg350 F. 25 to 35 minutes . This bread keeps very well , and is delicious when warm , though ordinarily limpa is sliced very thin and  served  cold .   
Reserve a few of the glazed prunes for garnish and add the rest to the meat pot a few minutes before the veal is done. Arrange the meat on a hot platter, decorate with the glazed prunes and  serve  the unthickened sauce separately.   
A long table had been set up in the gymnasium close to the kitchen , and the refugees ate together . Mom had taken Olga Heintzman and Mrs. Hedla as her assistants , and when everyone was  served  they also sat down .   
Still , he never faked emotion , you never saw exaggerated facial expressions , hand-waving or chin-trembling . He  served  you the bird done to perfection but it lacked seasoning and the stuffing was flat .   
Bake in a preheated dg350 oven for 1/2 hour.  Serve  hot, cutting into portions like a pie.   
Season with salt , pepper and cayenne . Add the chopped pickles just before  serving  . When the chops are browned, arrange them on a platter and serve with the hot devil sauce.   
File powder may be substituted if okra is not available . File should not be added until just before  serving  , and should never be boiled , as that makes it bitter .   
Cut the pie with  serving  knife and pie server . This tart may be served while still slightly warm or when entirely cool . Never put in refrigerator before serving .   
Why leftover beef should ever be a problem I cannot understand . There is nothing better than cold roast , sliced paper thin and  served  with mustard , chutney or pickled walnuts ( these can be found in almost any food specialty shop ) . Meat to be served cold should be removed from the refrigerator an hour or so before eating to allow it to return to room temperature .   
Add potatoes and continue cooking until they are tender .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
For Sauces, see pages 332-337. Cook as you do macaroni (see above) and  serve  plain, sprinkled with grated Parmesan cheese or in any of the ways suggested for noodles.   
Since I am a Scotchman , and a " good eater , " I pass the praise right at the start . The rest of the meal is always  served  with a little more personal attention by both waiter and cook and the dishes are filled generously .   
Sprinkle with chopped parsley during the last five minutes.  Serve  with baked potatoes and succotash.   
Dress with Vinaigrette Sauce and garnish with chopped chives or little green onions.  Serve  with mayonnaise on the side, if you like.   
Blend thoroughly and heat through.  Serve  with rice baked in chicken broth and colored with saffron (a very tiny pinch is ample).   
Since this was the only beat he ever worked , he was nowhere . " Let's go in here , " I said , leading the way into a Greek's where they  served  both liquor and ice cream .   
Reheat , but do not let boil .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
Inside, above a layer of jam-packed, shouting faces, a bottle of champagne waved to and fro. We squeezed close enough to see that it was brandished by a young man dressed as a French sailor who was trying to  serve  drinks.   
The next rule is " young before old ", for the clear reason that old wines develop an intensity of flavour which is lacking in young wines. This may seem strange at first sight in some cases and I have often heard the argument that it would be better to  serve  an old claret before a young Burgundy.   
When I had a tea , it would always be twenty or thirty . Never any less than half a dozen different kinds of cake were ever  served  in this house .   
They returned to the dun and ate and drank and made their plans . Naikeri  served  them on the mound outside the door and listened but said nothing , not understanding what was being planned .   
The Chinese and French , two peoples famed for their cookery , both respect vegetables and give them fine treatment . In the Orient , tender asparagus , snow peas or young green beans are cooked gently , just to the done stage , and  served  up still a little on the bitey side .   
Viola puckered her lips , annoyed . The night before Benny had talked the bartender at Andy's Tavern into  serving  nine-year-old Tommy and me whisky .   
Add oysters with their liquor and continue cooking until oyster edges begin to curl.  Serve  with a bowl of hot, fluffy boiled rice to spoon into the gumbo. Serves 6 .   
Bake 30 to 45 minutes , until brown .  Serves  8 to 9 .   
Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 4 hours, skimming occasionally and adding a little more boiling water if needed. Strain and  serve  with Brown the onion and garlic in hot lard.   
Heat bouillon and water to piping.  Serve  with two slices of avocado floating on top of each cup or bowl.   
No , they would dine alone . He need not dress ... Dinner was  served  , intimately , before the fire in the huge living room .   
Pour the beaten egg whites into soup just before turning off heat.  Serve  at once. Serves 4 .   
Until around World War II , eggnog parties were exceedingly popular in the nation's capital . Typically Southern specialties such as biscuits filled with chicken salad or ham and plates of fruitcake and sweet cookies were  served  with it .   
Do not let the water boil, and do not let the cheese mixture get too hot or the egg will curdle. As soon as it is hot through,  serve  it over well-buttered toast.   
Mrs. Loevinger says lefse are easier to handle than the recipe sounds , but that it is really a job for two people one to roll out the lefse , and one to flip them on the grill . Yield : 15 pancakes Danish Festsuppe is often  served  at special gatherings during the holidays .   
His second choice was Jack and Charlie's " 21 . " There , he noted , a house specialty of boned squab stuffed with wild rice , foie gras , and truffles , and  served  with a Madeira sauce , cost all of $2^25 .   
Chill until icy cold.  Serve  with an ice cube or two in each bowl.   
Wash greens well ahead of time, shake to remove excess moisture, wrap in a clean tea towel, and refrigerate to crisp. When ready to  serve , tear the greens in bite-size pieces into a salad bowl.   
Anxious to do our bit to commemorate the great day , we queried the village fathers as to what the school's role had been in the past . It developed that a community dinner had always been cooked at the school and  served  to the entire populace .   
Bake in 450 degree oven 10 -- 15 minutes or until bubbling .  Serves  8 .   
The old-timers used lard instead of butter . Note II This recipe can also be  served  as a first course , in which case the 12 prawns or 24 shrimp will serve 6 people easily .   
Wrap in clean towel and lay on platter with enough weight on top to press chicken slightly together, but not to squeeze out juice. Cool and refrigerate until time to  serve .   
In Scandinavia the food variations between the rich and the poor are not as different as those in other countries . Meals might be  served  four or five times a day .   
Place hard rolls on a cookie sheet and heat in 350 degree oven along with the fish pudding until piping (15 -- 20 minutes).  Serve  wrapped in a napkin to retain heat.   
They can be roasted whole or split and broiled.  Serve  1 chicken per person.   
Season with salt and pepper. Remove pork, slice, and  serve  separately with a good spicy mustard. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Garnish with croutons or crisp bacon bits .  Serves  6 .   
Pour the mixture into a souffle dish greased and dusted with sugar and bake in a dg350 oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until brown and puffed.  Serve  with a custard sauce.   
Top each with 1/4 of the meringue. Chill until ready to  serve . Serves 4 .   
" The tall , stoop-shouldered woman is waiting for us outside her room and invites us inside . She graciously  serves  us coffee and little squares of chocolate .   
Some food shops carry their own make.  Serve  pates chilled and turned out on a platter.   
Chill . Unmold in time for  serving  .   
Dessert Fluffy Omelet: Omit the salt and add 1 tablespoon of sugar to the omelet mixture. When it is cooked sprinkle the top with confectioner's sugar and  serve  with melted jam or jelly as a sauce.   
Add more liquid if necessary.  Serve  with pan juices.   
Cook for a few minutes until the meat is tender, the liquid is reduced a little and the flavorings are well blended.  Serve  with a rice pilaff, fresh string beans with almonds and toasted garlic bread. Variation: Serve these tarragon scallops cold with a potato salad dressed with olive oil and wine vinegar.   
Stir well and reheat for a few seconds. Add the parsley and ham and  serve  very hot. Serves 4 .   
Bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minutes, or until tender when tested with a fork.  Serve  the squash in the shell with additional butter, salt and pepper.   
Add sherry, if desired, and heat well.  Serve  in a sauce boat so that each person may take as much as he likes for his fish pudding.   
If pie crust is added , bake until crust is golden .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Ale was brought to him there and he drank . There were no women at the banquet , of course , other than those who  served  the drink , nor was their presence permitted at so important a function .   
These will cook in about half the time.  Serve  chilled with cream or whipped cream.   
On recent days when he has needed money for a textbook, the family has gone without meat. "I  serve  zucchini sandwiches, spinach sandwiches," says his mother, a cleaning lady raising five children alone.   
" She waited while Catherine finished the sickeningly sweet tea . Then she told her what time breakfast was  served  , and went out .   
They should take about 8 to 10 minutes.  Serve  warm or cold with cream. With custard sauce: Serve with custard sauce (page 111, v4). With ice cream: Serve over ice cream. With other fruit: Serve in combination with other stewed or poached fruit.   
Some of these can be excellent if ripe and sharp . These are rich creamy cheeses best  served  with fresh fruit at the end of the meal . They must be taken from the refrigerator some time before serving , or they will be hard and tasteless .   
This was always held, year after year, on a Friday evening. Mackenzie, ever shy and distant, refused to mingle in the festivities, and begged of my foreman to be permitted to  serve  at the buffet.   
He began with a campaign for bread when no woman in her right mind was baking bread ! No ring of rubies went to my finger until he made it clear in a written communication :  serving  home baked bread was to be one of the goals of " the little house . "   
At times I went down . She carried the mealbowl from table to table , smiling quietly , as if the people she  served  , her husband's people , were her own .   
For small molds, boil 2 to 2-1/2 hours; for large mold, 4 hours.  Serve  hot with or without custard sauce.   
If the occasion is a tea, the tea service should be handled by the hostess or someone invited to take charge of this. The young people can  serve  the guests, take away the used cups and saucers, and pass tiny sandwiches, cakes or cookies.   
Most of these reports are mailed, but physicians must phone in the information immediately if it involves one of 15 particularly worrisome diseases, from measles to yellow fever or cholera. They also must report immediately if it even appears that any disease on the lists might have been contracted in such places as day-care centers, nursing homes or hospitals -- or from food  served  in an institution or restaurant.   
" I hope she won't be too much trouble . Here you haven't even finished  serving  breakfasts yet .   
When my mother , part of whose education was at convents , came from America to Torregreca for a brief visit , the Mother Superior startled her by taking over the duties of a waitress and offering every dish of a complex luncheon herself . She brushed aside my objections with , " By  serving  the mother , I show respect for the child .   
The Fruits-of-the-Sea , as the French call seafood , were abundant and delicious . The " Habitants , " giant Martinique prawns or shrimp , and the red land crabs were  served  with rice , and highly seasoned with native herbs and spices .   
I am more than grateful to the officers of the Australian News and Information Bureau of the Department of the Interior, both in Canberra and London, for answering factual queries with such efficiency and dispatch and for supplying photographs, and to the invariably kind and courteous staff of the libraries both at Australia House and in Canberra, where Mrs. Dawson gave me so much valuable help. You reach Australia when they  serve  you chops for breakfast in your Qantas aircraft, 30,000 feet above the central desert.   
The availability and convenience of canned and frozen food , plus the advertising that would have you believe they're as healthful as fresh food , too often lead the housewife to take the lazy way out . So she opens a package or can ,  serves  these lifeless unappetizing vegetables to her family and tells her children : " Eat your vegetables ; they're good for you . "   
Finally, add the second dosage of cognac, flaming, and spoon the sauce over the crepes.  Serve  at once.   
Fine, rich egg noodles can be bought ready-made. An 8-ounce package will  serve  4 to 6 persons.   
In baking, the cake will rise up out of the pan, but in cooling it will settle back down. Chill to  serve .   
Corn beef and the Irish seem to go together. However, if you wish, you can  serve  any other meat; for example, pressed canned meat, roast beef, or meat loaf.   
He descended to the deck. "Tell the cook to  serve  breakfast to the crew as soon as possible," he told Dobbs.   
Few people make a plain sponge cake nowadays . This is a pity , for it is a very versatile cake , excellent  served  plain with fruit , surprisingly good when a little stale if moistened with rum or liqueur and topped with a rich custard sauce .   
Wrap in foil and warm in a dg200 oven about 20 minutes. Slice in thick pieces and  serve .   
Heat through but do not boil again.  Serve  with boiled rice (page 111, v1).   
In the silence after the thunder George could not hear the drone of the engines, and he watched until the clouds came apart again and he could see the blur of the propellers before they entered another bank of gray clouds. " I wish they'd  serve  drinks, " the woman said.   
Look out , you're letting the stew burn . " He reached around her to turn off the heat , pushed her gently into a chair at the kitchen table , and  served  the stew .   
Add salt and pepper to taste. When ready to  serve , arrange the slices of meat on a round platter and heap the turnip-potato mixture in the middle.   
It was trim and natty looking , well enough , but its choker collar shut off air , its tight tunic was hot and stiff , and the tape puttees wound around their legs cut off circulation . They also said uncomplimentary things about the food  served  them .   
Add the butter the last time you stir it.  Serve  with cream.   
Cool, then chill.  Serve  cold with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl. Serves 6 .   
Drain the potatoes and remove the skins. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with butter, allowing plenty for Jersey sweets.   
Vasso wheeled through her guests like a dervish , urging them to eat , to drink . The priest ,  served  by Vasso and by his wife , ate as though he had fasted for forty days .   
There is no trace of hatred in his voice, nor is there any in the voice of the owner, a former army lieutenant. The simple fact is, in the cafe called Latin-Musique at 96 boulevard Saint-Germain, they don't  serve  blacks anymore.   
His scheme worked perfectly . " In the Philippines we would have a great many things for the Christmas feast , " a friend says , " but here it is most often a boned stuffed chicken  served  only with fruit salad . " Filipinos usually serve the stuffed chicken lukewarm, but many will prefer it cold like a pate.   
Cover the pan tightly and bake in a dg350 oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed.  Serve  with plenty of butter.   
Dave Ellis moved over to join Ted Callison , Chet , and Roy Veeder in the other sled . Kennart had brought provisions with him : bundles of dried meat , of the sort that had been  served  at the banquet . It was not that he had any prejudice against the food the New Yorkers would serve him; he simply preferred his own.   
Remove the barding bacon from the breast during the last 15 minutes of cooking.  Serve  with wild rice or barley and small white onions steamed in butter.   
Sprinkle with sieved hard-cooked egg yolks and chopped parsley .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
French gourmets use a much shorter tulip- or cone-shaped glass. Other advice: Don't  serve  champagne too cold; over-chilling kills the flavor (from 43 to 46 degrees F. is about right). Don't serve a very dry, or brut, champagne with sweet things; they make the wine taste sour.   
Add rum, Madeira or sherry to taste.  Serve  with a selection of garnishes listed below. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Kemp also raises about $2 million but goes $200,000 in debt. Biden's total of over $2 million tops Democrats; he rakes in $435,000 at a California lunch  serving  imported caviar.   
Garnish each  serving  with a sprinkling of snipped dill or chives , a thin slice of lemon or a bit of caviar . Serves 6 .   
" It's the length of a football field, but not quite as wide. We can  serve  10,000 meals a day here and for our Thanksgiving dinner we have over two and a half tons of turkey.   
The breakfast itself was elegant . Mazar is famous for her melons , one of Afghanistan's major exports , and succulent juicy melon balls were  served  to us on crystal trays .   
Pour the batter into a well-buttered casserole and bake at dg375 for 35 to 40 minutes, or until light, puffy and browned on top.  Serve  from the casserole with a spoon, and pass plenty of butter, salt and pepper.   
Arrange these around the edge of the platter. Garnish with strips of pimiento and ripe olives and  serve  with Vinaigrette Sauce.   
"It's a type of cabin fever," she figures. Boozers are particular nuisances, and they are sure to make a scene if flight attendants refuse to  serve  them.   
We need to provide programs where there is more structure and consistency." The men who stay in Capt. Rondon's gymnasium are expected to work for their night's lodging by sweeping the building, helping to  serve  the next day's meal or, now during the holiday season, manning the Christmas kettles.   
The 149 districts in our area contain about 575,000 school kids . We estimate that they are  serving  about 150,000 lunches now , which is not enough ; but before we got to work they were giving out no more than 50,000 .   
Stir in the sherry (unless the canned soup has already been flavored with wine).  Serve  very hot, garnished with croutons. Serves 6 to 8 .   
I told him to forget the prowler and join me in " Sto Lat, " the Polish drinking song that says, " May you live a hundred years. " With a good-natured laugh he said no, it was too early, and refused to  serve  me any more or rather diplomatically persuaded me not to ask him for any more.   
Cool, then chill.  Serve  very cold in chilled soup cups, each garnished with a thin slice of lemon. Serves 6 .   
A period of about two hours is safe for young , robust wines , whilst more delicate wines are safer with a shorter period of about an hour . Wines over thirty years old are safest decanted just before being  served  , or served carefully directly from a decanting basket .   
Its sign reads : " Credit Cards Honored Whatever They Are . " Leonard Lyons In the antique-styled Nell Gwyn's Taverne in New York the menu says : " Historically authenticated English food is  served  in hysterically inaccurate English surroundings . "   
Continue beating and cooking over hot water until the sauce is thickened and hot.  Serve  at once.   
Excarole and romaine, having firmer leaves, will take a little longer.  Serve  with the crumbled bacon bits sprinkled on top.   
Pour into a buttered mold and follow directions for cooking Steamed Lemon Pudding (see above), steaming the chocolate pudding for 2-1/2 hours.  Serve  with a chocolate sauce and whipped cream.   
" We don't know how to tell the doctors that many American boys don't like wine ; they aren't used to having it at home , as the French are , " reported one of her teams at one hospital . " Every now and then , as a treat , wine is  served  here .   
Being a blueberry maven, the "HOTEL GIANT BLUEBERRIES: Blueberries as Big as Quarters!" sound irresistible, especially given the editorial snicker that "some growers boast berries as big as nickels but ours will regularly cover a quarter." What's more, "the giant blueberries  served  in ritzy hotels and restaurants are puny compared to those you can grow from our specially selected husky plants." (Regularly husky?)   
I do my best for them. I consider the food we  serve  as important as the medication.   
Juice may be thickened if desired with a little flour mixed with water .  Serves  6 .   
McGraw tried to shorten his social radius by sending his pay checks to Mrs. Raymond. He forbade the bartenders in the training town of Marlin to  serve  him a drink ever.   
The beggar sat on the stoop all day and no one bothered to hide him in the garage . Chicken and French fries were  served  to all , but no one had any appetite ; somehow they didn't taste as good as they used to when Hajji Malek dispensed such tidbits from the platter to his favorites .   
Small white onions may be peeled and added to the roasting pan at the same time.  Serve  roast pork with apple sauce or Glazed Apple Rings.   
Cook until just tender (5 -- 7 minutes) and drain. Put butter into pan, return drained peas to it and when ready to  serve  turn on moderate heat under the pan until peas and butter sizzle a little (about 1 minute). Serves 4 -- 6 .   
The hors d'oeuvres were raw white fish in a sauce (very good) and caviar on thin slices of cold cooked rice; the soup was rich with mushrooms,  served  with a slice of lemon on a jade-colored dish. " If we serve a thin soup, the bottom of the bowl is decorated so you can see as well as taste beauty, " the doctor explained.   
Dues sixty cents now are a dollar a year . Lunch of coffee and goodies  served  by three hostesses for a cost of ten cents now lunch served by five hostesses at a cost of fifteen cents ( still reasonable ) .   
Cook for another 20 minutes or until everything is tender . Sprinkle with fresh parsley before  serving  .   
Beat the eggs together with the port . Stir the mixture briskly into the hot soup just before  serving  .   
Simmer for another hour. Strain and  serve  with bits of ham from the bone.   
It showed in various little ways . Like the difference in the meals his mother had been  serving  lately ; the sudden attention given to bills ; the looks on both of his parents' faces when money was brought into the conversation .   
Place in a large freezer tray and freeze for 4 to 5 hours, stirring occasionally. Cut into squares and  serve  on bib-lettuce leaves; garnish with a rose-petal-cut cherry and a few nuts.   
And of course a big stove with an elbow pipe . The dinner wasn't  served  yet .   
Or use chopped dates, currants, or apricots. Decorate the cookies with frosting or anything else that suits your fancy or is appropriate to the occasion upon which you wish to  serve  them.   
Figure about 3 cups of sauce for a 4- to 5-pound center cut.  Serve  the sauce separately or pour it over the fish and garnish with sliced hard-cooked eggs, capers and chopped parsley. With Dill Sauce: Make a Dill Sauce to serve with the fish (see page 111, v4). With Caper Sauce: Make a Caper Sauce to serve with the fish (see page 111, v4). Mornay: Make a Mornay Sauce to serve with the fish (see page 111, v4).   
Stir in the bread crumbs , chili pulp and seeds , chili powder , oregano , coriander and vinegar . Cook and stir for a few minutes , then add to the soup a minute or two before  serving  . Serves 6 .   
But a boy who was sitting in the room on a folding chair when the car drove in believes the man was merely drunk . The Fifth Estate  serves  coffee , hot chocolate , Cokes , and sandwiches , but its customers do not normally eat or drink much .   
Bake on a hot, buttered griddle or in a skillet, turning once.  Serve  with melted butter, maple syrup or honey and a touch of lemon juice.   
He arrived there in 1977, with President Carter. He tells of his admiration for Mr. Carter's mother, the venerable Miss Lillian, who came to the ABC News trailer under the water tank at Plains, Georgia, to have Sam  serve  up a shot glass of Jack Daniel's straight.   
Plan together what games to play and decide who will introduce the games and referee them. Agree on what food to  serve  and how to serve it.   
Garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped chives , if desired .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Add sherry .  Serves  3 to 4 .   
" All right , Than . " Kent was making it clear that she was there on sufferance only because he could not very well , at that hour , expect two separate meals to be  served  .   
For their part, some indigenous valley residents complain that their native soil has already become a veritable colony of the Midwest. A Latino businessman saw something symbolic about recently spending 20 minutes in a cafeteria line behind a group of Winter Texans, only to find that the Mexican entree was sold out by the time he was  served .   
Stir into the soup and chill until very cold . Add the apples just before  serving  . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Spain has some very good trains , such as the TAF , which is streamlined , comfortable , and fast . On a TAF train , trays are brought to your seat at mealtime , and the food is usually as good or better than that  served  on American trains .   
Keep it clean. When it is time to  serve  dessert, insert the Flower in the center of a paper cup of ice cream. Be sure to serve the dessert on a plate so that the guest may take this Flower out of the pot and set it on the plate before he eats it.   
Danubian towns give way to Transylvanian forests as he picks up unusual friends and strange bits of information (Huns wore skins of field mice sewn together). Cosmopolitan countesses  serve  elaborate dinners in places with unpronounceable names; gypsies pan for gold as he rolls them cigarettes.   
If you like some canned soups just as they come , see that there's a good assortment available . One can , diluted as directed ,  serves  two or three .   
Midnight Snack . In one family , where the Christmas food is always lavish and rich , it has become a tradition to end Christmas Day with a special snack of jello  served  in a cut-glass bowl .   
Fold in half and fill with currant jelly.  Serve  immediately on a heated plate. Serve with tiny broiled sandwiches.   
Chill in the refrigerator. When ready to  serve , run the blunt tip of a flat knife between the cup and the flan.   
The captains of blockade-running ships were paid in gold for smuggling such luxuries as perfumes , jewelry , brandies and food delicacies . It was well known by everyone in Richmond that certain private clubs had dining rooms which  served  the rarest foods at a time when children suffered hunger pangs .   
She always looked as if she had just stepped out of a shower into a cool becoming dress, had just brushed her smooth shoulder-length ash blonde hair, and no hazards of the day would rumple those clothes or muss that head. She never raised her voice and her servants did not disappear on religious pilgrimages in the middle of lunch, nor  serve  ice cream with tomato sauce.   
Drain . Put back into saucepan with a good hunk of butter and sizzle a little before  serving  , shaking the pan frequently .   
In a double boiler heat the jam, well mixed with the water. When ready to  serve , pour it over vanilla ice cream in individual dishes. Serves 10 .   
Place in a preheated dg325 oven for 40 minutes.  Serve  piping hot.   
Turn the celery often to be sure it is evenly bathed.  Serve  on romaine with a garnish of chopped green onions or chives.   
Just above where the plate will be , print the name in big , bold letters . Or , the name can be printed vertically a good idea when the food will be  served  after everyone is seated .   
Garnish with hard-cooked-egg slices and chopped parsley, and top with a spoonful of sour cream, if desired. Slice the meat and  serve  separately. Serves 6 .   
Rapid should be within hailing distance in less than an hour. "Tell the cook to  serve  breakfast to the hands as soon as possible," Merewether told Larkin.   
She felt that this might be done most appropriately after the evening meal , so at dinner time , refreshed from the promised dip in the pool and the discovery that it was quite easy to stay afloat , she came downstairs bearing an armful of beautifully wrapped packages . She put them on a chair in the entrance hall until after coffee was  served  , then presented them ceremoniously .   
You take a little slug before eating , then a little after ! For this ceremony , slivovitz is  served  in a tiny bottle with a little glass . Kolacky is served in Bohemian-American homes for any festive occasion , and always for Christmas . It is a very sweet bread , which many Americans would prefer with coffee or as dessert ; but in Czech homes it is usually served throughout the Christmas meal .   
Garnish each portion with a sprinkling of paprika .  Serves  6 .   
Remove with two pot holders.  Serve  immediately in baking dish.   
Surround with thin slices of toast or very firm bread.  Serve  as suggested for sardines, page 11, but garnish with chopped hard-cooked egg and black garlic olives instead of lemon wedges.   
" Resident of Birmingham , Alabama Remnants of many kinds of Christmas can be found today in the Southern states French , Spanish , English , Greek , German , Moravian , Italian , especially and on New Year's Day a tradition that the slaves must have brought is universal . From the District of Columbia to Texas , black-eyed peas are cooked with hog jowl or ham and  served  in Southern homes for " money in the pot " or good luck .   
In Dallas, 1,600 people applied for 110 spots in a two-month training program that would enable those chosen to teach without going back to school. One of them, former American Airlines flight attendant Kendall Haggerty, says: "There's a limit to how much good you're doing  serving  tea and Coke.   
Add a sprinkling of brown sugar after you turn the pineapple.  Serve  plain or flavored with a little rum.   
Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  8 to 10 .   
Garnish with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
If you let cooked vegetables stand in the hot water they lose their color and go limp.  Serve  at once, while still steaming.   
Finish according to instructions on the package. Make a plain Pilaff (see page 111) and  serve  it with plenty of grated Parmesan cheese.   
Give everyone specific responsibilities . " Please keep the younger children out of the kitchen until dinner is  served  . "   
He liked to keep a tight schedule , and she went along as best she could . She  served  dinner each evening at a certain hour except once .   
A few years back an Overseas Press Club parody of Playboy Magazine offered the following response to a mythical foreign correspondent's query about what beverage to  serve  with wildebeest: "Any good brown wine will do."   
Remove from heat and stir in file. Remove turkey carcass, add salt and  serve  piping hot. Serves 6 to 8 .   
The favorite foreign food of most Americans is Italian, so you must certainly round out your ability to present a foreign dinner party for family or friends with typical food of that country. It's easy to make and to  serve  and delicious.   
Salt and pepper to taste and add 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley just before the veal is done.  Serve  with sauteed potatoes and tiny French peas cooked with onions and lettuce.   
Add escarole, onion, potato, celery, carrot and wine, and continue cooking for 30 minutes.  Serve  with grated cheese to sprinkle on top. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Many of the groups of wine suggested in this chapter in the section " Everyday Wines " ( p111 , v1 ) are suitable for the less elaborate dinner party . Most of them can be  served  all through a meal . It is in fact easier to list those wines which cannot be served through a meal than the reverse . The only wines served with food are the so-called table wines not the fortified wines .   
Bring just to boiling over low heat .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Several hand-lettered signs along the road advertising " Puppies for Sale . " I found myself wishing that Mrs. Williams had  served  carrots for dinner .   
Just be sure that you put hot water into the pot to warm it before you fill it and that the coffee is hot. The same goes for the pot in which you  serve  the hot milk, which should be heated but not boiled.   
In September 1875 , Mort believed the problem had been solved . At a luncheon for three hundred guests , he  served  meat that had been kept frozen for fifteen months .   
Down the right-hand side of the court were the royal kitchens , and to the left the Hall of the Divan where the sultan's ministers met and where ambassadors were received by the grand vizier . They were generally  served  a lavish dinner before being conducted through the Gate of Felicity at the far end of the court and into the Throne Room beyond .   
Every person should feel at home and more than welcome; everyone should be greeted with a hug and a warm handshake. If the household can radiate warmth and good fellowship as well as  serve  a perfect dinner, the day will glow in memory down the years.   
Remove to a hot platter and season to taste.  Serve  with any of the sauces suggested above for sirloin or porterhouse.   
Empanaditas are Spanish fried pies that have adopted American mincemeat for filling . Traditionally , they are  served  between meals with wine .   
Ambrosia was an integral part of Christmas everywhere in the South , Creole or otherwise . Ordinarily , it was  served  as a dessert after the heavy Christmas meals , but in our family it has been the chief component of Christmas breakfast as long as anyone can remember .   
Suggested accompaniments : Very crisp Home-Fried Potatoes and fresh asparagus with melted butter . One tenderloin steak  serves  one person .   
Back in Tokyo, executives are talking about buying American brokerage houses and hiring more specialists in fields ranging from bond trading to arbitrage to Fed watching. "We don't want to be a Japanese restaurant in New York  serving  only sushi and sukiyaki," says Yoshio Terasawa, Nomura's executive vice president in charge of international business. "We want to serve French cuisine, American fast food, everything, in the future."   
Add the grated Switzerland cheese and pour the soup into a large casserole, or into individual casseroles, and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minutes. Top with the toasted bread slices, sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese and  serve .   
Turn out upside down on cake plate or rack.  Serve  warm or cold.   
Each of the periods of impotence occurred when he was cooking for himself , eating irregularly and without regard for variety or nutritional balance . The first episode had cleared up when he moved into a college dormitory which  served  three meals a day ( although he hadn't realized the connection at the time ) .   
A ripe, juicy plum is soft, but not mushy. One pound will  serve  about 4 persons.   
Prepare according to the recipe for Roast Leg of Lamb (page 284) and be sure you cook it only to the rare stage.  Serve  with mashed buttered turnips and roast potatoes.   
Sprinkle with the salt and sugar, and pour over them the white vinegar diluted with a little water. Mix and  serve , sprinkled with chopped parsley.   
Mrs. Malone was remembering that she really liked Tony ; it was just that for the first few minutes he was always a shock . Mrs. Malone told Vashti she could start  serving  breakfast as soon as it was ready , then they all sat around the table .   
Or arrange sauteed eggplant slices in a shallow, flame-proof dish, sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese and run under the broiler to brown. With barbecue sauce:  Serve  sauteed eggplant slices with a spicy barbecue sauce (page 111, v4). With tomato and onion: Serve sauteed eggplant slices topped with grilled tomato and sauteed onion slices.   
An official at another major U.S. auto company suggested consumers are confused by the hodgepodge incentive programs the companies are offering. "I don't know whether the dog food we have put out hasn't been  served  in a pretty plate, or whether the dog food itself isn't good enough," he added.   
Place peeled hard-cooked eggs along the side of this cake and mold the remaining meat loaf mixture on top. In this way you  serve  a slice of egg in the side of each slice of meat.   
Brush with cream or melted butter just before removing from stove . Makes 18 to 20 buns Moravian sugar cake is  served  at Candle Teas held in early December in Old Salem , North Carolina .   
Return to pot , stirring for a few moments , but do not boil . To  serve  , pour the contents of the pot into a warm serving bowl .   
Introduction made , we were then escorted down marble steps to the gardens below . Gaily striped tents were at one end and champagne and canapes were  served  from them by white-coated waiters .   
The lamb will take about 1-1/4 to 1-3/4 hours to cook, for rare.  Serve  with the pan juices and the following bean dish: Soak 2 cups of dried beans overnight. (Unless you use quick-cooking beans.)   
It made her feel very uncomfortable . Claire came back and  served  the coffee awkwardly .   
The customer ordered filet of sole and waited with keen anticipation . After the dish was  served  and it was a very watery one he waited some more .   
An annual eleven o'clock brunch held on the Saturday morning nearest May 1 . As the guests arrive , they are  served  something special to drink . One hostess always serves coffee in pretty Mexican glass cups . Many serve an eye-opening demi-tasse of very hot, strong coffee.   
Or arrange the cauliflower alone on a bed of greens.  Serve  with Vinaigrette Sauce, mayonnaise, mayonnaise flavored with mustard or chili sauce, or with a sour cream dressing.   
Slowly add the cream and egg yolk, stirring constantly. Add the wine and cucumber and  serve  piping hot. Serves 2 to 4 .   
" Most of these provisions , " said my friend Jaswant Singh , " are from donors , and they come by the cartload from villages . The cooking and  serving  are all done by volunteers .   
"I'd rather that she put her kids and husband first and put the business second or third," he says. Even at work, he has her  serve  him coffee and run his personal errands.   
The ingredients will at least triple in bulk. Refrigerate until ready to  serve . Serves 12 .   
In one house that she visited there was a heated swimming pool and spare sets of togs for visitors . At midnight a butler had  served  hot bouillon , then rashers and eggs .   
Until recent years Americans always overcooked lamb . People shied away from lamb that was the least bit pink , despite the fact that this is a meat that is much better when  served  rare . A number of restaurants mostly French, to be sure now serve fine roasted lamb that resembles good rare beef.   
Today, in the Yukon, Alaska, they continue to do so, having moved the big community feast or potlatch to Christmas. Each family in the Yukon brings plates or bowls for all its members, and the leaders  serve  the food usually moose stew and bear meat from common containers.   
Tracking devices have also benefited greatly from the growing power of computers. For example, using implanted transponders which interact with radio signals from a mainframe computer, B.I. Inc.'s system of identification for cows instructs feeding machines, also controlled by the mainframe, to  serve  up different diets for certain animals.   
There were dirty trays , and wine-coolers en permanence on the sideboard , huge dirty gilt cornices , with dingy yellow satin hangings to the barred windows which looked into Cursitor Street vast and dirty gilt picture-frames surrounding pieces sporting and sacred , all of which works were by the greatest masters ; and fetched the greatest prices , too , in the bill transactions , in the course of which they were sold and bought over and over again . The Colonel's breakfast was  served  to him in the same dingy and gorgeous plated ware .   
Heat, but do not let boil.  Serve  with good dark pumpernickel. Serves 4 to 6 .   
At half after five I went below to set the cabin table , but I hardly knew what I did , for my eyes and brain were filled with the vision of a man , white-faced and trembling , comically like a bug , clinging to the thrashing gaff . At six o'clock , when I  served  supper , going on deck to get the food from the galley , I saw Harrison , still in the same position .   
Add cayenne.  Serve  hot or cold, garnished with parsley. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Boil for 3 hours. To  serve , reheat by steaming, or wrap pudding in foil paper and heat in oven.   
I see no reason food shouldn't be nutritious and consistent with the patient's treatment. I've seen hospitals where they've  served  eggs to heart patients."   
The addition of an unusual sauce sets Ost Kaga ( Swedish Cheese Cake ) apart from more well-known varieties . Sauce is best  served  warm with chilled cake , but may also be served cold .   
" Now we are finding out what the economics of the business really are . " For fine restaurants , rising labor costs loom as potential disaster , because a large proportion of their costs are built into the preparation of elegant dishes  served  in style , and their breakeven point is high .   
Grill as you do loin chops (see above).  Serve  on toast with a garnish of watercress and crisp potato chips.   
So it was that night . The woman in whose house we stayed  served  us an excellent soup and chicken potted with vegetables .   
Sprinkle with powdered sugar.  Serve  with Raspberry Sauce.   
But as meetings have become more numerous and elaborate, many companies have begun hiring full-time planners to help organize meetings and control costs. The planners arrange everything from travel and lodging to speakers and recreational activities to the kind of coffee  served  at late-night sessions.   
Oh, that's no good. That's where they  serve  cardboard instead of meat.   
Top with a sprinkling of freshly ground black pepper and chopped parsley.  Serve  with rice.   
Season with salt and cayenne. Add ice cubes to dilute and  serve  very cold. Serves 6 .   
Remove with two pot holders.  Serve  warm (not hot) with 1 cup heavy cream beaten until stiff, then sweetened with 2 tablespoons sugar and flavored with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract; or serve with vanilla ice cream.   
"They need some quirky individuals up there, some marketing people," contends Alta Cools, the editor of For Your Information, an industry newsletter. Others consider Mr. Chandler, who  serves  coffee to his colleagues on the company plane, too nice to make further hard-nosed cost-cutting moves that they consider necessary.   
Digestion is made easy and complete, so that every atom feeds. It's a great mistake to  serve  such foods infrequently.... It is an interesting piece of copy, with its temperate phrasing and its modest and mysterious claim that " every atom feeds."   
Then he drank some whiskey and , though it was very little , it affected him immediately and he looked half-dazed when the waiter from room-service knocked on the door and entered with a tray . He had forgotten that he had ordered dinner to be  served  in his room .   
Try to plan a meal which will include his favorite foods and , especially if he's a great outdoor cook , not the sort of food he already cooks superbly himself ! I think most men will like the Party Beef Stew suggested below ; in fact I'm sure of it from having  served  it to so many .   
I have work to do and so, I imagine, have you. Please tell Than to  serve  cocktails in the living room again this evening.   
Merewether felt a sudden warmth for this man; at least he had experience as an officer in the Navy and should not be unreasonable in his demands. "Sir, I always remain on deck with the pilot while we are in the Hooghly, but you are welcome to use my cabin and have Sangh  serve  you lunch, anything you want.   
When it is smooth and thick, add the dried beef, pulled apart into small pieces. Blend thoroughly and  serve  over toast or toasted muffins.   
Asparagus with too much white stalk is a waste of money, unless it is being sold at a bargain price. If you prefer to  serve  only the tips of the asparagus, save the green stalks for soup or a souffle. Hot , fresh asparagus is delicious enough served with plain melted butter . If you want a more elaborate sauce, serve Hollandaise, crumbs browned in butter or browned butter. Cold asparagus should be served with Vinaigrette Sauce ( see Salad Dressings ) or mayonnaise .   
Simply add more liquid (lentil broth or wine) if it tends to get dry. With this casserole  serve  an onion and lettuce salad dressed with olive oil and lemon juice (instead of vinegar) and a good red wine.   
This is a party salad , so make it look as pretty as you can . Don't let it stand around before  serving  . It must be served cold .   
If you don't feed us soon , we'll all die of starvation and end up plucking harps in heaven ! " Mr. Hunter motioned to his wife to start  serving  dinner . "   
Place in preheated oven and bake, uncovered, until a browned crust forms on top.  Serve  at once. Serves 4 .   
Garnish with dollops of whipped cream or pieces of fresh fruit .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
From the ravaged South Bronx to the central citadel, just a few blocks from the gleaming Citicorp Center, the Army's Christian soldiers open their doors nightly to the homeless, of whom there are probably between 30,000 and 60,000 throughout the city. On Thanksgiving, soldiers and volunteers  served  turkey-and-cranberry dinners to nearly 8,500 people.   
Pull off the apron and split the body in two. Leave the crab in the shell if you wish to  serve  it cold with mayonnaise, or pick out the meat from the body and from the legs.   
Arrange the cooked bird on a platter, remove the strings and carve as you would a roast chicken.  Serve  with creamy mashed potatoes, buttered noodles or rice. 1. You may serve the broth first as a soup course.   
If the breasts are not crisp enough, run them under the broiler for the last few minutes.  Serve  with fried rice, buttered asparagus and garlic or herbed bread.   
When he came to power he lost no time in starting a crusade for prohibition . With pistol in hand he went into a late-night bar that was still  serving  alcohol ( uncertain as to the new regime's policy ) and personally cleared it out .   
He took extra care to include our servants in conversations , but he did it without being patronizing or making a show of it . When invited to dinner as our guest he was  served  by Abdul and Khalid , but his identity was with them as a fellow Afghan , and it was well established .   
A year later, in 1981, the Cranberry partners opened the play in Philadelphia with a new cast, and in 1982, the Chicago production opened, in a 300-seat theater that the couple had created from a ballroom at the Blackstone, an old downtown hotel. The play is always done cabaret style, with the audience jammed around tiny tables and  served  cocktails at intermission.   
Bake in a dg375 oven for 30 to 45 minutes, or until done when tested with a fork.  Serve  with plenty of butter, salt and pepper.   
It is wise to have wire , a stepladder , and other possibly needed tools at hand . The food  served  will depend on the time of day . It usually ranges from Christmas eggnog with fruitcake , to heartier late-supper fare like oyster stew or onion soup served in mugs and accompanied by garlic bread and relishes .   
Instead we took a little trip to the White Mountains in New Hampshire , driving over many of the roads we had driven along forty years before on our first honeymoon . We found a lovely old New England inn in the midst of the mountains where the most delicious food was  served  and where we could rest and relive the years we had spent together as husband and wife .   
And they can spend their valuta-kupons in the Beryozka (birch tree) stores for foreigners in Moscow. A " closed distribution " system likewise provides expensive furs for the leaders' wives to wear at State functions or delicatessen items for a Moscow hostess to  serve  to foreign dignitaries.   
Garnish with the reserved diced melon and mint leaves .  Serves  4 .   
Garnish with chopped chives.  Serve  shrimp cooked and peeled but with tails left on (see Shrimp, page 111, v2) with a sharp dunk sauce.   
Store and let ripen at least three days . Sweet potatoes in some form were always  served  with holiday meals .   
As soon as you step on the plane , a beautiful stewardess takes your coat and leads you to the captain's Lounge . Right way she starts  serving  the booze .   
His companion's voice reached me , utterly inarticulate . He should have been taken home to bed , but was instead being  served  a nightcap .   
Strain the bouillon over the vegetables and eggs , and sprinkle with chopped scallions .  Serves  6 .   
Well , I've become indifferent , as a matter of fact , and there's something to be said for it . Once one discovers that food tastes just as good  served  from card tables and eaten with dimestore cutlery , one is considerably less vulnerable . "   
Make a dumpling dough 11 , v1 ) and add 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley to the flour when you mix the dumplings . Drop spoonfuls of this mixture over the surface of the stew a few minutes before  serving  time .   
Bake in a dg375 oven for 30 minutes or until puffed and brown.  Serve  at once with whipped cream or a custard sauce flavored with the liqueur.   
I have yet to eat a ready-cooked shrimp that was not overdone, dry and tasteless, and this shellfish is so easy to prepare yourself that it seems unnecessary to depend on the fish dealer to do the cooking. One pound of unshelled raw shrimp will  serve  2 persons amply for a main course, and 4 persons for appetizers.   
It reheats beautifully.  Serve  in a big bowl with arrangements to keep it hot.   
Pour the hot soup over the potatoes , and garnish with croutons if desired .  Serves  6 .   
If desired, additional sour cream may be added as garnish.  Serve  with dark bread. Serves 4 .   
Press the herb in firmly with the heel of your hand so that it sticks in the meat. Broil according to your favorite method (see above) and  serve  on a hot platter.   
" The hotel help didn't even say , " I told you so " ; they sighed and went to her rescue . Later we were  served  a six-course dinner .   
I bought two crisp loaves of bread and wolfed them down as I wandered through the alleyways of the old town . But the meal left me so hungry that I boldly went into a restaurant , explained that I had lost my ration tickets , and asked to be  served  anyway .   
Furthermore , the experience gained will stand you in very good stead for the rest of your life . In the five dinners which follow I have arbitrarily assumed that they will be  served  at seven o'clock .   
When cool , stir , cover , and place in refrigerator . Just before  serving  , beat for a moment to be sure the sauce is completely smooth .   
My stomach's still trying to break that thing down into something I can live on , just like a big piece , two big pieces , of bathroom tile with some mastic in between .  Served  hot .   
Various dishes of " dips " , breadsticks , salted nuts , crackers , cheeses , hot and cold canapes ( constantly replenished ) , and other appetizers are placed along both sides of the table . Frozen hors d'oeuvres can be bought in advance , popped into the oven and  served  piping hot .   
" I want to talk to Charlie . " He went to where the bartender was  serving  , and Jowett glared at Timken .   
Largest of all is Moet & Chandon, the " General Motors of Champagne, " which now sells about 17 million bottles a year compared with only five million from its nearest rival. From the experts I learned a lot about how to  serve  champagne often flatly contradicting what's considered genteel practice elsewhere.   
Let cool to room temperature.  Serve  from the pie plate at room temperature or chilled.   
Cover and shake well.  Serve  in chilled glasses. Serves 8 .   
Because of an urgent command from your guts . For dinner tonight , the Tall Lady  served  corn bread , black-eyed peas and chitterlings better known as chit'lins .   
Line a salad bowl with lettuce leaves and fill the center with vegetable salad .  Serves  8 .   
Around five o'clock , with the bar packed and the Boss and myself going like a pair of red-shanks who should come sloping in but the Cracker and slinking in after him his young brother Merley a shifty-eyed jackal , if ever there was one . They pushed their way up the crowded bar to where Myko was  serving  .   
I was impatient not to have been called to translate . I saw Markos and Demetrios and Webb eating a meal which the woman , Maria ,  served  them , and I knew then that I would not be called . "   
I boarded a small motor boat which sailed across the bay to the ancient Chateau d'If , known best as the prison of the fictitious Count of Monte Cristo . That night I strolled through the elegant quarter and surrendered to a quiet evening in a cozy restaurant where I was  served  an excellent dinner in old-fashioned splendor .   
Heat through, but do not boil or the cream will curdle. Season to taste and  serve  on toast.   
Top each portion with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with minced parsley .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Bake as you do Apple Pie (above).  Serve  warm with heavy cream or sour cream.   
Pour over the lamb balls .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Add the bourbon to the peaches and juice and let them stand in this mixture, turning them occasionally to be sure they are evenly bathed.  Serve  cold.   
Garnish with croutons , if desired .  Serves  4 .   
Season with salt and pepper and roast at dg375 for about 35 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted in the fleshy part registers dg145 to dg150.  Serve  with crisp fried potatoes.   
Discard bones, cut the meat into small pieces and return to soup.  Serve  piping hot, garnished with chopped parsley or dill. Serves 8 to 10 .   
A crisp green, such as broccoli, braised lettuce or braised celery goes well with this goulash, and pickles are an appropriate addition. For dessert  serve  cinnamon-flavored baked apples with heavy cream.   
She wanted to have both hands free for shoving food into her mouth . I've been to catered weddings where they  served  less food than my wife consumed in one evening watching the " Late Show . "   
It is called the Cessation Meal because it precedes a day of fasting . " Challah " is  served  and blessed by the Father , as at Rosh Hashonah .   
Don't leave children alone, without an older person with them. If you do not have someone to help you,  serve  refreshments which you can put on the table in advance.   
The stock will form a firm but tender jelly. Slice to  serve , jelly and all. Serves 20 .   
Her voice was perpetually stifling little giggles. Their heads, one blond the other graying, seemed to be floating on clouds of smoke when I wheeled in the trolley to  serve  them some coffee and cakes.   
They have strong individual flavours which may or may not appeal . The one wine which can be  served  all through any dinner party without exception is , of course , Champagne .   
While such pyrotechnics can be impressive, most planners agree that successful meetings often hinge on the mundane. Linda Carey, meeting planner for Dow Chemical Co., sees to it that only decaffeinated coffee is  served  at afternoon meetings.   
Gently reheat the soup but do not boil. To  serve , float the egg-white meringues on top. Serves 5 to 6 .   
Make the Rich Cream Sauce and heat the meat in the sauce. Season to taste and  serve  on toast or hot biscuits.   
Too many at one meal can be overwhelming . If you are  serving  a rich sauce on the main dish , serve a simple vegetable as an accompaniment .   
Now she acted as a kind of housemother to spies in training . She  served  a delicious lunch of pea soup , spiced beef and rice baked in light dough , red cabbage , tomato salad and melon , accompanied by red wine .   
Arrange these around the tuna salad.  Serve  with additional mayonnaise and lemon wedges. Buy firmly packed , canned salmon that can be served in one piece .   
Soak in the Vinaigrette Sauce for several hours , turning frequently to be sure the beet strips are evenly bathed . An hour or two before  serving  , drain the beets and mix with sour cream ; or arrange on a plate and cover with sour cream .   
I have counted carefully. Ky Phat will  serve  more beer, and Fleur will soon serve the sweet rice, which will keep them from leaving."   
Pour into a buttered and sugared casserole or souffle dish and bake at dg350 for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the souffle has puffed up and is lightly browned.  Serve  at once.   
But Kiyoko also knows that her job will involve a lot of hard work . For the 372,400-ton tanker will be crewed by 30 men and four women stewardesses who will be assigned to cleaning , bed-making ,  serving  tea and meals and welcoming foreign guests .   
Garnish with hard-cooked egg slices and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Last year he opened a restaurant and inn. With the help of his wife and daughter, he  serves  noodles and puts up travelers for one yuan (27 cents) a night.   
Chop the herbs very fine and add to the eggs before cooking or right after you pour the eggs into the pan.  Serve  herbed eggs with a sprinkling of chopped parsley on top.   
Remove the steamed clams and discard any with unopened shells.  Serve  with bowls of the broth from the kettle and bowls of melted butter for dunking the clams as they are removed from the shells.   
Sprinkle with paprika or chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Meantime, split rolls and toast them on the grill. Butter them and  serve  a frankfurter in each. Serves 8 ( if you're also serving hamburgers ) .   
Bartletts , on the market in the summer , are good both raw and cooked . The Comice , Bosc and Anjou that arrive in the fall are also good for both purposes but they are exceptionally tasty  served  plain with a fine cheese .   
Traditionally , the sour cream is blended with flour and stirred into soup , which is brought again to a boil . A more attractive and much more delicately flavored soup can be made by placing a large blob of sour cream in the center of each bowl of soup before  serving  .   
CARE staff monitors the distribution at each site. Using this system, CARE has delivered 50,000 metric tons of food since our famine-relief operations began in Ethiopia, where we  serve  600,000 people a month.   
Put in preheated dg400 F. oven and cook 15 minutes, or until peas are just done.  Serve  with tiny biscuits.   
Cook for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the rice is done but not mushy. Drain and  serve  with plenty of butter.   
Strained : If you like a very fine , smooth sauce , put the apple sauce through a fine sieve after it has cooked . Apple sauce and horseradish : This is excellent  served  with pork dishes .   
For the children, settle, for the most part, on healthful dinner casseroles a beef stew or a chicken-and-rice dish that you know they will like.  Serve  your husband his chops or steak, a baked potato and a salad.   
I grew up on a farm in the '30s when you butchered your own hog and ate everything but the squeal. In those days Steele's Cafe at Norborne, Mo. -- the Soybean Capital of the World --  served  brain sandwiches on grill-toasted hamburger buns.   
Bake in 375 degree oven until golden (15 -- 20 minutes). Wrap in a napkin to  serve .   
Another work assignment for school children throughout Hawaii is cafeteria duty . In most island schools , a hot lunch is  served  at noon .   
Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary . Add the vermouth just before  serving  . Serves 6 .   
He could feign such innocence when challenged that I soon gave up altogether . When he once  served  pineapple upside-down cake with green olives substituted for the pineapple , he convinced me I had ordered it that way .   
Well ahead of time wash the lettuce, shake to remove excess moisture, wrap in a clean tea towel, and place in the refrigerator to crisp. When ready to  serve , tear the lettuce into a salad bowl.   
Saute the cakes quickly in olive oil. Salt and pepper to taste and  serve  with sauteed eggplant.   
Garnish with chopped watercress or parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
" But there are stores " " What are you going to be  serving  your kids chitterlings and turnip greens ? "   
Or broil to your favorite state of doneness.  Serve  with Rice Pilaff, Barley Casserole, or Kasha.   
But whatever the reason , we clearly regard lizards as unsuitable for eating . We once  served  iguana at a dinner party in South America .   
" Why the Coupole ? " says Carl . " Because the Coupole  serves  porridge at all hours and porridge makes you shit . "   
Correct seasoning. Stir in the cream and  serve  hot. Serves 6 .   
Drain well, season to taste with salt, freshly ground black pepper and plenty of butter.  Serve  with lemon sections or a cruet of vinegar.   
There is one Pavilion at Monblaisir which Aurelius Victor XV had arranged a great Prince , but too fond of pleasure and which I am told is a perfect wonder of licentious elegance . It is painted with the story of Bacchus and Ariadne , and the table works in and out of the room by means of a windlass , so that the company was  served  without any intervention of domestics .   
Syrian-Americans , however , gather in the church hall for a feast on two kinds of raised doughnuts , zalabee and awam . The latter are  served  with a sweet , lemon-flavored syrup .   
Taste for seasoning.  Serve  hot with chopped fresh parsley, or cold, garnished with thin lemon slices.   
Cook gently until just tender about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the broccoli, season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with melted butter.   
Add croutons , toss again lightly .  Serves  8 .   
Crisped: Dust the potato slices with a little flour for a crisper finish.  Serve  these with Fried Apple Rings and crisp bacon slices.   
Garnish with the reserved whole berries.  Serve  with 1 cup heavy cream or with whipped cream (see Note). Note The old-fashioned way to serve shortcake was with plain heavy cream. If you prefer, however, serve it with whipped cream: whip 1 cup heavy cream until stiff, sweeten with 1/4 cup sugar, and flavor with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract.   
Could you cook a dinner? Even if you've never tried before, I think you could manage any of the dinners suggested in this chapter and  serve  them forth with pride, provided you follow directions carefully and stick to the time schedules.   
The yam has a more decided flavor and is very oily . The plain sweet is dry and firm and needs to be  served  with an extra amount of butter .   
He was on edge , and she was edgy , too . The motel  served  a free Continental breakfast in a sunny , drafty breakfast room .   
In fact , Bertha would have blown a gasket . Then the stewardess  served  lunch and I relaxed .   
Stir until blended with the pan juices and heated through, but do not boil or the sour cream will curdle.  Serve  with the meat.   
Form into cakes and wrap each one with a rasher of bacon. Broil and  serve  on buttered buns.   
For guests driving into the parking area or the garage, hang a big WELCOME sign to greet them. Have Some Refreshments Ready to  Serve .   
Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer until soup is slightly thickened about 10 minutes. Discard soup bone and  serve  piping hot. Serves 8 . VARIATIONS : ( 1 ) Serve with grated Parmesan cheese to sprinkle over the soup . ( 2 ) Add a clove of garlic along with the vegetables and discard just before serving .   
Milk was reserved for babies . There was butter on the tables of the wealthier families , and fresh fish was often  served  , though seldom beef or mutton , which was reserved for sale in the larger town markets .   
As in our infancy , everything is done for us and we do not need to lift a finger . Our food is prepared by the chef-mother ,  served  to us by the waitress-mother , and our beds are made and our rooms cleaned by the maid-mother .   
Place under broiler until cheese is melted and browned .  Serves  6 .   
Indian betel, also known as "pan," is usually a bit of nut and gum from the areca palm, some lime (the stuff used in plaster, not the fruit), cardamom and often tobacco wrapped in a leaf from a type of pepper plant, also called betel. Pan, whose pronunciation is halfway between the cooking utensil and the chess piece, is often  served  with cloves, coconut and mint.   
Top each  serving  with a dollop of salted whipped cream or with croutons . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Many of the worshipers are families living in welfare hotels and single men and women who sleep in streets or public buildings. After the service, Salvation Army officers hand out bags of groceries to the families and later  serve  hot meals to the homeless.   
Do not drain off juice .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
What can be better on a day like this than homemade pea soup and Swedish pancakes , or plattar , as we always called them ! Mama always  served  pea soup and plattar on Thursdays , and how we children looked forward to that meal !   
Bake in 375 degree oven until golden brown ( about 30 minutes ) .  Serves  4 .   
If you think so, just tell me and we'll do without it for awhile. I'd like a gay cloth and napkins for the table in the alcove, and a set of pretty dishes, so that once a month each class could cook a meal and  serve  it attractively.   
Is it ever welcome ! she thought , feeling satisfied for the first time in twelve hours . The coffee ,  served  in a dainty cup with a proper napkin , was the best Maris had had since she left home .   
Cover and simmer for about 15 minutes .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Pour over the chicken . This is particularly good  served  with a plain Rice Pilaff , cooked in chicken broth , and tiny green peas , French style . Serve a bottle of the same dry white wine you used in the cooking.   
Taste for seasoning.  Serve  these scallops in cream with mashed potatoes liberally dressed with butter, tiny French peas cooked with onions and a celery salad.   
Brush the kidneys and mushrooms with melted butter and broil quickly, turning often to brown on all sides. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with boiled new potatoes and green beans dressed with plenty of butter and mixed with chopped almonds.   
Everything we did , everywhere we looked reminded Mohamed of another story . These thousand-and-one tales capsuled into a single rising and setting of the sun began shortly after our take-off from Palma airport , when we were  served  a cold lunch aboard the plane . It was the same rubbery ham and dripping roast beef that we were always served on this particular airline .   
After all, they say, confusion about lights is an effective and entertaining way to deal with one of their major marketing challenges: persuading people to ask for the Bud Light brand in bars. When people simply order a light beer, bartenders are apt to  serve  top-selling Miller Lite.   
Will keep in a covered container in the refrigerator for a month.  Serve  over ice.   
When you practice your exercises focus all your attention on Yoga. Don't think about how you're going to pay the insurance premium, why your stock keeps going down, or what to  serve  at your dinner party Saturday night.   
Season with salt and pepper .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Pour melted butter over all and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minutes , or until brown and bubbly . These tidbits are excellent  served  hot with cocktails or served as a vegetable with a meat course .   
If you use seafood , be sure it is not overcooked , mushy and tasteless . Always taste salad before  serving  it .   
Roll overlapping edges over and over together , to seal pie and make a pastry border just inside pan . For easy  serving  , top may be scored in large squares .   
Drain thoroughly. Place in a bowl and refrigerate until ready to  serve  with cream and sugar. Serves 4 .   
Garnish each portion with a slice of lemon and a sprinkling of nutmeg .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Swiss executives also adhere to the rules but smile occasionally. The French honor some rules, smile and make sure the wine is properly  served  at lunch.   
I ordered another Scotch for myself and another beer for Cummins . After Swell  served  them and went back to the comics , Cummins said , " Friday night he told me he had a hot one .   
I'm really very fond of bread and cheese. " Katerina drove the small car to a restaurant guaranteed to  serve  fine steaks.   
And, as far as I can see, so is everyone else. That explains all the coffee and sweets they  serve  in their rooms at the drop of a hat.   
This problem can easily be solved without anybody , young or old , feeling discriminated against . Set up tables wherever they can be  served  conveniently , cover them with different-colored tablecloths .   
Sugar to taste and combine with blueberries.  Serve  over vanilla ice cream.   
Each night in Kabul a cannon was fired from one of the ramparts of the old wall that surrounded parts of the city, and it boomed out to mark the end of that day's fasting. Our servants would scurry out to their quarters to stuff themselves with dates and cucumber slices to stave off hunger pangs long enough to  serve  us our evening meal.   
Remove the cooked shoulder to a hot platter, cut the strings and garnish the platter with tiny string beans cooked until tender and then tossed in hot butter, small new potatoes cooked in butter until golden brown, and a delicate dusting of chopped parsley. Skim the excess fat from the juices in the pan and  serve  the broth separately as a sauce.   
Add liquid from cabbage rolls and simmer until thick like gravy. Pour over cabbage rolls and  serve . Serves 8 to 10 .   
When the peppers are brown on top and cooked through, remove them to a hot platter.  Serve  plain or with a tomato sauce or barbecue sauce.   
At the conclusion of the prayer, he announced, "I wish you all to drink in memory of a brave and able young officer. Mr. Davis, you have my permission to  serve  out a ration of rum to all hands.   
Cool the soup , then chill . Just before  serving  , beat with a rotary beater .   
Apparently dinner was delayed , he was feeling the effects of the gin when the butler appeared and made his announcement . The dinner was  served  in a large dining room , bright with candlelight .   
What hard work is recalled ! The number of meals ( canine and human ) cooked and  served  .   
Add salt and pepper. Pour sauce over the beets and  serve .   
Recipes for eggnog are many and varied , from the very rich Kentucky bourbon version to those requiring a variety of liquors . When making a quantity of eggnog to  serve  over a period of time , it is more satisfactory to divide the egg whites and use only as needed , beating them up at the time of serving .   
While borsch's loss of popularity appears widespread in the area, there remains at least one mountain retreat where hungry traditionalists are still demanding the goods. At the Concord Hotel, the soup has grown so popular that it's now  served  in tall glasses there. (The hotel says guests were complaining about the skimpy portions they got in its small soup bowls.)   
Do not overcook. Drain well and  serve  with plenty of salt, freshly ground black pepper and butter.   
They are usually an economical buy . For roasting for more than 4 persons : Select a capon if you are  serving  more than four people .   
For beginners who like to see things happen fast , the first seeds should be quick-growers like radishes and onions , or zinnias and marigolds . Be sure to celebrate the first " crop " that can be  served  with pride at the dinner table , even if it isn't enough to go around once !   
If the broth still seems fatty to you , pour it through a strainer lined with a linen napkin or towel . Traditionally Pot au Feu is  served  as follows : first a bowl of broth ; then slices of the beef and salt pork with the vegetables and boiled potatoes , sour pickles and hot mustard .   
Do not try to stretch seafood.  Serve  good-sized hunks of crab, lobster or shrimp and allow at least 1/2 cup per person.   
If you do not buy the " quick-cooking " variety , be sure to pick over the legumes to remove any bits of pod or any damaged beans , and then soak them in plenty of water for 5 to 6 hours before cooking . White pea beans cooked in the basic fashion may be dressed or flavored in a variety of ways before  serving  .   
About 15 minutes before the veal is done, add 1 cup of ripe olives.  Serve  this with buttered macaroni and sauteed eggplant.   
Best eaten hot , but good cold .  Serves  8 to 9 generously as main course .   
The pioneers brought wheat seed with them , but soon discovered that the rich humus soil of the South was too luxurious for wheat ; they had to content themselves with the hardier meal ground from native corn . For a long time wheat flour for biscuits , shortcake , or pie was considered a great delicacy , while corn became a staple in the Southern diet and was  served  in many ways .   
Diane Kettler , who was in Casey's room at school , was helping behind the counter . Casey watched with admiration as Diane  served  coffee in a paper cup with one hand and made change for a dollar with the other .   
But Mexico has its own share of well-heeled young people, and the Corona boom in the U.S. is making them thirst for Corona too. Today affluent young Mexicans can be found ordering Corona in the capital's pricier restaurants, places that in the past would have  served  one of Mexico's fuller-bodied premium beers.   
It should be on the underdone side. Remove to a hot platter, cut into quarters and  serve  heaped with petits pois, tiny white onions and strips of ham.   
" Macao was , actually , a sophisticated international society , in spirit as well as mileage a world away from Philadelphia . Grandpa's diary tells of receptions and dinners given by the great Hong merchants , at one of which fifty courses were  served  , from deer sinews to sharks' fins and birds' nest soup .   
Eggnog can be frozen satisfactorily , but will not freeze hard because of the large quantity of alcohol .  Serves  approximately 25 .   
When the omelet is mostly cooked but still creamy and not hard on top, slip the spatula under one edge and roll it over, folding it as you slide it out on a hot plate.  Serve  at once.   
Bake ten minutes, then reduce heat to dg325 F. Bake 30 minutes or longer.  Serve  cold.   
Try a gumbo someday ; you won't regret it , for it is a fascinating adventure in cooking . It must always be  served  with rice .   
Cover and bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minutes to an hour.  Serve  from the casserole.   
He went back to London on an Air India Boeing 707 . Curry , and hostesses in saris , and breakfast  served  an hour before landing , and when the plane touched down it was lunchtime .   
If you use these liquids, omit the vinegar or lemon juice.  Serve  eggs cooked in these liquids in soup bowls with the broth poured over them.   
Guests will have little appetite for dinner . If you are  serving  only ice cream and cake , serve it first in the early afternoon or early evening . Otherwise serve a simple lunch, or a simple supper, followed by dessert.   
Cook over low heat until shrimp is cooked through about 6 minutes. Taste for seasoning and  serve  hot. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Even a kitchen table can be set attractively with place mats and nice dishes . Any picture is enhanced by an attractive frame , and the simplest food will be more appetizing when  served  attractively .   
Sprinkle dill seeds and dill weeds over apple pie crust or apple crisp before they go into the oven . Sprinkle dill weed on bean soup just before  serving  to present a lively , visually attractive dish .   
Reheat . Just before  serving  , stir in the cream .   
Beat in the chopped onions and green pepper. Heap the avocado mixture on a bed of greens, garnish with tomato cubes and sliced green olives and  serve  with Vinaigrette Sauce. Some vegetables can be cooked in an a la grecque bouillon and then chilled and served on greens , as a salad or hors d'oeuvre course .   
Add cream and chervil .  Serves  3 to 5 .   
Cover the pot with a tightly fitting lid , turn the heat down to low , and cook for 30 minutes , until rice is tender ( not mushy ) and all water is absorbed . Uncover pot just before  serving  ; fluff rice gently with a fork to separate all the grains .   
Even the well-to-do villager may taste meat only occasionally . After breakfast the men either napped or tended their flocks while women prepared lunch , generally a pot of boiled millet  served  about 2:30 .   
The first thing any Mainlander notices about Hawaiian social events is the variety of national foods presented . " For a Christmas party , " one Islander says , " you may be  served  both Oriental and European food , with Hawaiian poi , and have eggnog to drink . "   
" The food looks like a flower too , " said Timmy , seeing the flower salad of cottage cheese and peaches in a little lettuce . The children were also  served  peanut butter sandwiches , milk , the garden cake and flower-pot ice cream .   
Come along and finish it while I unpack . " Dinner was  served  by a uniformed maid and there were candles on the table although it wasn't dark yet .   
Turn them often and baste with a mixture of the honey and lemon juice.  Serve  these spareribs with crisp potato chips, a huge bowl of cole slaw and some of the heated marinade for a sauce, if you like.   
Here the process differs. Bruise the seeds, add them to boiling water and simmer gently for 5 to 10 minutes, strain and  serve  at once.   
If desired , garnish with chopped parsley or croutons .  Serves  6 .   
Os-Cal has captured 50 percent of the total market for calcium supplements . At his mansion outside Kansas City , Kauffman  serves  cocktails with napkins that say : As Os-Cal grew , Kauffman recruited what was to become one of the most effective sales forces in the industry .   
It was all he could do to control his laughter in my presence and once inside the house , while I frantically brushed off thorns and rose petals , I could hear the wails of mirth bordering on hysteria exploding in the kitchen . Even quiet Khalid , who rarely said a word , lost his reserve during the evening meal and could not look my way when  serving  dinner .   
We sat outside under the awning of the Casino , tired , but hoping that some private session would jell . But the prize-winners had all disappeared and the bars were no longer  serving  .   
Add to ingredients in saucepan.  Serve  hot or chilled. Stir in the sherry just before serving .   
Tax-supported restaurants . Last year ,  serving  meals at subsidized prices , Senate restaurants operated at a $503,800 deficit .   
Something's gone haywire . " Freda gulped her coffee , grabbed her coat to ward off the early-morning chill , and left her order of ham and eggs to be  served  to an empty chair .   
In ancient times , it was believed that almonds offered protection against unseen evil forces , and it may well be that the first almond was put into the Christmas grot for this reason . The original pudding or porridge was a simple affair ,  served  with cream or milk , sugar , and cinnamon .   
Add scallions and cook for another 5 minutes .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
I would suggest that you press one of your guests into helping you with the making of these , because if you try to cook all these eggs in one pan and do it , as you should , over a low heat , it will take forever . The object of adding the extra egg yolks just before  serving  is that if the eggs have to stand even a little while before they're eaten this will keep them moist and soft as they should be .   
She knew that in the Almeida home the day would be a quiet one . Last night , on Christmas Eve , Carlos and Guida had gone with their parents to midnight Mass , after which a dinner had been  served  to the family and a number of invited relatives .   
Garnish with sliced beets and sliced onions that have marinated in a French dressing made with orange juice instead of vinegar. Surround with orange slices, and  serve  with heated garlic bread.   
It should be especially good for Christmas , when there is so much rich food everywhere . " She added that the controversial Buche de Noel is seldom  served  for reveillon .   
It should be cooked slowly and be thoroughly done. A 4-pound boneless roast cut from the leg will  serve  6 persons.   
Cheese : In soup cookery , one will run across a few cheese soups . But cheese is most often to be found sprinkled on top just before  serving  or gratinee ( crusted ) as in the familiar French Onion Soup .   
He wants to get us all together . He  serves  tea and biscuits .   
Follow the directions for Stewed Blackberries (page 111).  Serve  with heavy cream, whipped cream, custard sauce or ice cream.   
Well , Miss Hope , will you be my second wife ? " Billy saved her from having to answer this nonsense by  serving  Stan with a second piece of pie .   
Place dish in a preheated dg275 oven and bake for 2 hours . Remove from oven and let the pudding dish stand on a rack or cake cooler for 1/2 hour before  serving  . Serve with 1 cup heavy cream, whipped until stiff, sweetened with 1/4 cup sugar, and flavored with 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; or if preferred, serve with vanilla ice cream.   
Buy a rib roast of beef and roast it just to the rare stage (see Beef, page 111, v2).  Serve  it in paper-thin slices on well-buttered rye bread, and have a selection of mustards.   
Put raw vegetables into salads . It's much less trouble than cooking them to death and  serving  the remains in a side dish !   
"Our first customer sat down and immediately a hanging plant crashed right by her chair," says Mr. Sweatt. An early attempt at  serving  an "authentic" Italian breakfast bombed.   
Garnish with sour cream .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
If possible, select the piece of meat and have it ground to order. Many people will tell you that 1 pound of boneless beef will  serve  4 people.   
This should take about 15 minutes. Drain well and  serve  with melted butter and salt and pepper to taste.   
It also provides an excellent opportunity for everyone in the family to assist in the hospitality . Plan food that can be kept hot or cold over a period of time so that everyone will not have to arrive and be  served  at the same time .   
Garnish with a sprinkling of chopped parsley or chives .  Serves  6 .   
Allow 1/2 to 3/4 pound of fish per person and bake stuffed, according to directions for Baked Stuffed Whole Fish (see page 111); or bake without stuffing, basting frequently with melted butter.  Serve  with an Egg Sauce or Hollandaise Sauce.   
Garnish with toasted peanuts .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Just before they are done add 6 finely chopped ripe olives.  Serve  with a sprinkling of grated Parmesan cheese.   
A broad strip of Christmas-red felt or oilcloth down the middle of a white cloth makes a gay table. (See PART II) The Dog Days of August When the weather is so hot that appetites diminish try a pick-up just for fun.  Serve  hot dogs, of course, indoors or out, with all sorts of extras such as sauerkraut, piccalilly, mustard, strips of cheese, and various relishes.   
Heat , but do not boil . Put a tablespoon of sherry in each  serving  bowl before pouring soup . Serves 6 to 8 .   
Garnish with chopped hard-cooked egg .  Serves  6 .   
Have the butcher trim the chops and scrape the bone. He should give you little paper frills to add to the bone tips when you  serve .   
She examined the raw pork balls marinating in the sink ; nem nuong , one of Daniel's favorite Vietnamese dishes . She smiled to herself , imagining the glow of pleasure in his eyes when she  served  them to him tonight .   
This 1801 recipe , using already cooked rice , is a find for busy women today . It is perfect with fowl , or in any way rice is  served  .   
Return to the stove and simmer for another hour. Taste for seasoning and  serve  over hot pasta.   
Often enough she had dined alone when Martin was at the Institute , but then he had been returning to her some time before dawn probably and she had reflectively munched a snack on the corner of the kitchen table , looking at the funnies in the evening paper . Tonight she had to live up to the butler , who  served  her as though she were a dinner-party of twenty .   
Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper if needed.  Serve  the sauce with the chops.   
Sprinkle with paprika , if desired .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
However , we drew new Pal names again so can now have the fun of trying to fool or mystify another guild friend this coming year . The guild girls again  served  the noon lunch at our December semiannual organization meeting .   
Broil until the bacon is cooked.  Serve  hot.   
Sprinkle with paprika .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Stir well with each addition . When ready to  serve  , beat egg whites ( or as many as needed for first serving ) until stiff .   
Bake in 375 degree oven 35 minutes.  Serve  with whipped cream (see page 201, v2) if desired. Serves 6 .   
Place in a pan of hot water and bake in 350 degree oven until firm (45 -- 50 minutes).  Serve  hot with cream to pour over, if desired. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Place some chopped fresh parsley in soup bowls and fill with the hot soup .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
The anti-alcohol campaign is much more attuned to the U.S. executive on a Pritikin diet. Alcohol is now  served  only between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m.   
Add the crabmeat and heat through.  Serve  on rice and accompany with chutney and chopped toasted almonds.   
Bake 15 minutes, then lower heat to dg375 F. and bake another 30 minutes, or until golden brown.  Serve  cold.   
His room furniture was arranged to make opening the window impossible. In the restaurant, a waitress demanded payment for the appetizer before agreeing to  serve  the main course.   
It had started out as a simple diner , but with the increasing number of summer visitors coming to Walling from New York City , Pat Farrell had expanded his business by adding an open-air patio with space for eight tables at one end of the diner . The restaurant  served  cokes and half a dozen varieties of ice cream , but nothing as elaborate as a banana split .   
When they are done, remove them from the oven, split open the tops and add a good-sized lump of butter to each one. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and  serve  with additional butter, salt and pepper.   
When we took off , there was no talk of fastening seat belts . When we were up in the air , a young steward  served  us rye bread and salami and butter and cheese and white wine .   
Sometime back he had made up his mind to shoot a deer for his cat's last meal . He was sure the panther would accept a dead deer even if he did insist that his other food be  served  alive .   
Garnish with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with paprika or minced parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Blend 3 tablespoons of flour into the fat and slowly add the milk and cream mixed, stirring to be sure it does not lump. When the sauce is smooth and thick, season with salt and pepper and  serve  with the chicken. With this serve creamy mashed potatoes and buttered broccoli.   
Remember the Greens, George Todd's friends? They  serve  cocktails or highballs almost every evening before dinner, and consider drinking a custom that increases the pleasure of social relations.   
He comes here , they say , from a neighboring town on the main route to Mexico City , but either he has not received the many messages we have left for him or he has not had ice to spare us . Meanwhile , Coca-Cola is  served  cold everywhere , and because bottles in the stores are surrounded with beautiful ice , we know he has passed through .   
If you like the brown crust mixed through the hash, turn it occasionally.  Serve  corned beef hash plain or topped with a poached or fried egg.   
It was a delicious sensation to be cooking his own supper in the coolness of the cottage with the heat outside , and when the fish began to sizzle he became very hungry . He  served  them up on a plate with the peas and ate his meal on the veranda while he looked at the lake .   
Fill neck cavity first, close, then fill bottom cavity. To  serve , dressing may be spooned out, or removed in a chunk from the fowl and sliced like bread or dumplings.   
Then turn and finish cooking on the other side.  Serve  plain or with a sharp barbecue sauce.   
Ted's Episcopalian blessing was brief , dignified . The food was good , beautifully  served  , but limited .   
Victorine and Madame Couture slept until late in the morning , and Vautrin , who had gone out before eight o'clock , returned at the very moment that breakfast was put upon the table . So nobody protested when , at a quarter past eleven , Sylvie and Christophe knocked at all the doors and announced that breakfast was  served  .   
Season with salt, white pepper and paprika.  Serve  hot or cold.   
" Oh , yes ! " She thought a chili was something cool , as its name imported , and was  served  with some .   
Wearing a pink or red carnation honors Mother if she is alive ; a white flower if she is dead . The family usually goes out to dinner , or another member of the family prepares and  serves  it , giving Mother the pleasure of a meal she didn't cook .   
Then the baby gets his first big drink of the day , in a bottle if he prefers it that way . Breakfast is  served  to all the family .   
Top with the other halves and broil or pan-broil as above.  Serve  in buttered, toasted buns.   
Washington had moved his headquarters to the Old Ferry Inn , which was run by McKonkey and which still stands today on the west bank of the Delaware . Old McKonkey had the energy and excitement of a boy ; he was heart and soul with the rebel cause , and for two days he went without sleep , cooking and  serving  twenty-four hours a day .   
Let the mushrooms cook down until they are very rich almost black. Mix with plenty of whole toasted almonds and  serve  the casserole with the mushroom-almond mixture spread over the top.   
When water returns to the boil , cook 3 minutes . Drain corn , cover kettle , and bring it to the picnic table as is ,  serving  plenty of butter for the guests to add themselves . Serves 8 .   
A guest must be a guest , then , and welcome gladly whatever was offered . The second course was fish ,  served  on flat plates of leather .   
Chill until icy cold . Just before  serving  , stir in the cream and sprinkle with chives . Serves 6 to 8 .   
When raised dough is ready for the oven and in its pans, brush tops with egg yolk lightly thinned with water and sprinkle on poppy seeds generously. When bread is baked  serve  with butter only. Serve Demitasse for Demigods Crush a coriander seed the symbol of immortality in the bottom of each cup before serving after dinner coffees .   
Skim the excess fat from the liquid in the kettle and add more broth or other liquid to make enough for sauce. Thicken with balls of butter and flour kneaded together (see Beurre Manie above) and  serve  separately in a sauceboat.   
Frittatas are a workingman's lunch dish in Italy, sometimes eaten for dinner. Many patrons bragged of having sauce recipes superior to what was  served  at Olive Garden.   
Add the cherries and simmer gently until they are just done.  Serve  warm or cold with whipped cream, ice cream or custard sauce.   
If desired , garnish with sprigs of watercress .  Serves  4 .   
Garnish with pumpernickel croutons .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Sprinkle with toasted slivered almonds .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Christine and her father kept their eyes riveted upon their plates. Madame P. began to  serve  them; she asked Christine to hold out her plate.   
Four large tents had already been pitched in a field . As the marchers lined up for supper ( three tons of spaghetti ) , which was  served  to them on paper plates , from brand-new garbage pails , night fell .   
Hobomok climbed to the roof of the hut and shouted for Squanto , who soon came ambling along with many Indians behind him , all rather fearful and carrying the choicest of their provisions as a peace offering . In the morning the Pilgrims were  served  breakfast in Squanto's hut , and to them came " all whose hearts were upright . "   
Season with salt and pepper and add a pinch of cayenne .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Then there was the solicitous query I received from Consumer Reports: "Did you know that the oxalic acid in spinach impairs the absorption of calcium from any foods digested with it? . . . Spinach isn't the ideal vegetable to  serve  regularly at the dinner table."   
Arrange the cooked corned beef on a hot platter and surround it with the vegetables.  Serve  with baked or boiled potatoes and a variety of good mustards and pickles.   
It is lovely if the whole family can sit together in the pew , even on this busy day for the housewife . Sometimes it can be arranged if the dinner is  served  late in the afternoon .   
Heat the bread in a dg350 oven for about 12 minutes. Cut it into thick slices and  serve  with Garlic Butter (see page 111, v4). 2.   
Make a shortcake (page 11, v1). Sugar the berries to taste and  serve  them on the shortcake.   
Heat until the oyster edges curl.  Serve  at once, sprinkled with paprika or chopped parsley. Serves 4 .   
Place a large spoonful of sour cream in each soup plate before filling with hot soup.  Serve  with thick slices of dark pumpernickel bread. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Cool to room temperature. Cut into squares to  serve .   
They are always with us , they are plentiful and they are cheap . Yet anyone who has enjoyed the results of a summer vegetable garden knows how delectable tiny new green beans can be when cooked just right , drained well , buttered well and  served  piping hot .   
He remembered the glow of the fire upon the curve of a certain great amethyst glass jar . The meal was delicious , the wine excellent , as was the brandy  served  with the coffee .   
Look for the highly seasoned Italian ham called prosciutto or for Westphalian ham . These should be sliced paper thin and  served  with thin slices of pumpernickel or rye bread . Prosciutto is especially good served with fruit , such as melon .   
When you came to 201 there was a hearty welcome , a kind smile , a good dinner , and a jolly shake of the hand from the host and hostess there , just for all the world as if they had been undisputed masters of three or four thousand a year and so they were , not in money , but in produce and labour if they did not pay for the mutton , they had it : if they did not give bullion in exchange for their wine , how should we know ? Never was better claret at any man's table than at honest Rawdon's ; dinners more gay and neatly  served  .   
Roast according to directions for Roast Leg of Lamb.  Serve  this with rice pilaff.   
By constantly monitoring the system, the computer increases desalinization efficiency and may be able to predict system failures, preventing costly breakdowns, Mr. Fredkin added. At a news conference yesterday, Reliable demonstrated a prototype of its desalinization technology by  serving  water from Boston harbor -- one of the nation's dirtiest -- that the device had processed.   
Garnish with chopped parsley .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
You owe him your loyalty . " Anger bubbled up in Amanda and she was on the verge of an explosion when the butler said , " Dinner is  served  .   
Then cover them with dark rum . Prepare the Creme Brulee as above and dot with the rum-soaked chestnuts just before  serving  .   
Let it all cook together for about 10 minutes.  Serve  with chutney, grated coconut, chopped peanuts, chopped hard-cooked egg and raisins soaked in cognac or whiskey.   
Wrap in waxed paper and keep in refrigerator ( they mold very easily otherwise ) , or freeze . Remove from cold and bring to room temperature before  serving  .   
A hot and hearty blend indeed! First: The day before you plan to  serve , cover 1 cup pinto beans with cold water and allow to soak overnight.   
What was clear beyond doubt was his strong interest in Claire LePeters. On hand to  serve  up the gourmet meal were four auto-thefters temporarily on probation. Midway through the supper , while serving a tray of croissants , one of them slipped Claire LePeters a quick goose , trying to make it seem accidental and to blend into the overall festive atmosphere .   
Halfway through the cooking, add 3 to 4 fresh tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped.  Serve  garnished with chopped parsley and accompanied by rice mixed with chopped ripe olives and chopped pimiento.   
Split hamburger buns and toast on the grill. Butter and  serve  a hamburger on each.   
The Greek terms would give a new perspective on segregation . Restaurants and bars could put up signs saying " Only Leucoderms Will Be  Served  , " which would look appropriately ridiculous .   
Big square rooms , with high ceilings , frescoed in fanciful scenes so old and faded that they were like pictures painted under water . Lunch ,  served  in a vine-covered patio , opening on a garden full of flowers and tropical fruit trees .   
When the water level drops in their reservoirs , people are asked to cut down the number of their baths , and give up washing their cars and sprinkling their lawns . Restaurants stop  serving  water with meals .   
They return home beaten without standing up to the challenge and spend the rest of their lives wondering if maybe they shouldn't have stuck it out . Evening chow was being  served  on the Storis , and we happily accepted an invitation to join the crew for dinner .   
Garnish each  serving  with a dollop of sour cream or whipped cream . Serves 4 .   
Discard bay leaf . Stir in the cream just before  serving  . Serves 6 .   
Bake at dg375 till set and a knife comes out clean when inserted 1-1/2 inches from center.  Serve  warm, in wedges.   
Suggested accompaniment: Sauteed eggplant is an excellent contrast for this unusual steak dish. This is a very simple way to  serve  a large number of people.   
" What do you hear, Deetzer old man, " Foley said. " I hear they  serve  a drink here now and then, " the black man said.   
How can you help ? By  serving  nutritious Wonder Enriched Bread .   
Let it come just to the boiling point but do not boil. When steaming hot pour into the bowls and  serve  with toasted French bread.   
If you like potatoes browned in the roasting pan with the meat, add them for the last hour of cooking. If not,  serve  the roast with sauteed potatoes, crisp and brown, and the pan juices, unthickened.   
They want the system destroyed , not repaired , because they have lost faith in the ability of the system to repair itself and in its will to do so . The white man has forever enjoyed the fruit , while the black man has patiently  served  it .   
If these delicacies were fresh rather than frozen and took only a few minutes to prepare, people might even pay white-tablecloth prices for them. With such reasoning, companies like Campbell Soup Co., General Foods Corp., Sara Lee Corp. and some retailers are rushing to  serve  up their own "fresh, refrigerated" meals.   
Our people are rather well off, our infrastructure has been much improved, electricity is sufficient, the roads are smooth. And," he inquires,  serving  coffee in delicate Herend porcelain, "you've eaten in our restaurants?"   
Add 1 teaspoon of oregano and several spoonfuls of chopped Italian parsley.  Serve  with buttered noodles.   
Continue cooking for 1-1/2 hours. Remove the ribs to a hot platter and  serve  the pan juices separately.   
Before you take on any entertainment job , see that you are complying with local and federal child labor law regulations . For instance , in some communities you may find that you cannot work in an establishment that  serves  intoxicating beverages if you are under twenty-one years of age .   
If the question jolted Miller , there was no sign of it . He stood respectfully , hands at his side , as though about to say " Luncheon is  served  . "   
" I said the patients' rooms would be segregated, and they will be. As for the other services, how many times do you  serve  bacon in the recovery room?   
The food may be the family's preference in cold snacks , or hot casseroles carried in an insulated picnic case . Everyone  serves  himself .   
Select your handsomest bowl, fill it with ripe apples, pears, peaches, plums, grapes any fruit or combination of fruits you choose. Provide individual fruit knives so each person can pare and cut his own, and with the fruit  serve  a fine dessert cheese, such as Camembert or Brie from France or the Italian Bel Paese.   
This will take about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain thoroughly and  serve  with melted butter, salt and pepper.   
It is cut in  serving -size pieces and baked with the skin on . As with the acorn , it is served in the shell , but only the flesh is eaten .   
Simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Taste for seasoning and  serve  piping hot. Serves 6 .   
Garnish with garlic croutons .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
I called in a band of them and realized I could not trust Concepcion to be Simon Legree. She showed a disturbing tendency to flirt and  serve  beer.   
Tallegio , a rich but mild cheese , also comes from Italy . Any good well-aged cheese can be  served  with fruit for dessert or a midday snack or be eaten plain with a cold buffet .   
Drain the beans and mix them with the pan juices from the roast. Add 1/2 cup of chopped parsley and  serve  with the meat.   
Place under broiler for a moment to brown the cream.  Serve  immediately. Serves 6 .   
At the other end , in a small group , the Britons . The Kentucky cook traditionally  served  this special meal .   
Bake 30 to 40 minutes, until golden brown.  Serve  cold.   
Surely no one is expected to take seriously Faith Ryan Whittlesey's curious, not to say undiplomatic, complaints about the K-rations she is forced to  serve  her guests in her duties as American ambassador in Switzerland (editorial page, Aug. 14).   
Chill . Before  serving  , add the cream and diced chicken . This soup may also be served hot , but do not boil after adding the cream . Serves 6 .   
Continue cooking until the meat and vegetables are tender.  Serve  the ham sliced on a large platter and surrounded with the vegetables.   
This method will take longer about 10 minutes. When the asparagus is done, discard the lettuce, sprinkle the asparagus with salt to taste and  serve .   
" I have a certain amount of respect for it ; at least my stomach does . " " I know an almost secret place that  serves  the best in town .   
" When they had gone , I turned to the box : two small tomatoes , a package of frozen peas , a quarter of a package of dehydrated potatoes sold for hash-browns , and six eggs . " Dinner is almost  served  , " I said and started on the kind of improvised cooking one learns to do when supplies are limited .   
They say today's bread can be traced back to the Last Supper. Or make " pulled bread " as it was made centuries ago and  serve  it with herb butters and cheese.   
On each plate was a baked potato , frozen green beans , a red pickled apple slice , and a slice of meat loaf which Polly had decorated with a catsup bell , squeezed out of a plastic bottle . They also  served  milk and small rolls ; and for dessert , holiday ice cream and cup cakes .   
They realized that none of their guests had said a single word about the food . Indeed , try as they might , they could not themselves remember any of the dishes which had been  served  .   
So Gujarat, it would seem, offers little relief for the drinker. But go into a certain tea shop in Ahmadabad, the state's largest city, order "one local and one English," and the proprietor will  serve  a cup of Indian tea at your table -- and deposit a bottle of whiskey on the back seat of your car.   
The donor of this recipe says she has seen chicken wings boned and stuffed in the same manner. The wing swells up so with stuffing that one will  serve  one person.   
If you do not mind the peel left on, merely wash the tomatoes well and remove the stem end. Slice onto a bed of greens and  serve  with Vinaigrette Sauce or mayonnaise.   
Stir in the olive oil and simmer for a few more minutes.  Serve  with grated Parmesan or Romano cheese. Serves 6 .   
" Mike here was the first boss I had when I came in from the farm . I didn't know much about  serving  food to city folks , and I guess I was nervous and clumsy .   
Everyone here speaks to you, the stranger as well as the friend. They grow rice, but they  serve  lots of hominy grits.   
Garnish with the reserved mussels and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 .   
Remove all the skin and trim it neatly; then return it to the broth to keep warm.  Serve  this tongue with caper-mustard sauce (capers added to mustard sauce), horseradish sauce or bottled beet and horseradish from the grocery or delicatessen. Chopped , buttered spinach and boiled potatoes are the vegetables generally served with smoked tongue , and they seem to go better with it than anything else , with the possible exception of beets with sour cream .   
It should only take 2 to 3 minutes at the most. Drain at once and  serve  with plenty of butter.   
Put a layer of chopped parsley and chives in the bottom of the baking dish and surround the fish with sliced tomatoes. Baste with dry white wine mixed with melted butter, and  serve  the fish with the sauce from the baking pan.   
At the Institute , Langston was put into a student dormitory , where all Negro guests were housed . But visiting whites were put up in Dorothy Hall , a modern guest house for whites only , and were  served  breakfast in bed by the black students .   
Khanoum-june was as pleased as a bride with her gas stove, her electric refrigerator, her plastic-tiled floors, pale-blue bathroom, and white telephone. As she bustled about, helping Gamal to  serve  tea, I thought: when she was married she lived in an andarum and was waited on by a eunuch.   
Mix well and heap in the melon shell. Chill and  serve .   
She was flushed. I guessed that she had not been able to  serve  Agajon's chicken, carrots, and French fries to suit him on short notice.   
He ate mechanically . He drank the wine  served  with each course , as he listened to the buzz of conversation .   
Remove from heat and add the butter, stirring until it is melted and well blended.  Serve  hot, garnished with croutons and chopped parsley. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Add the spinach and cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes .  Serves  6 .   
" Sure . " He  served  me the drink and then started to read from his list .   
A television screen shows a film of a slightly sleazy diner, and the viewer is asked to touch the screen if he or she is hungry. The screen is touched again to order various items from the menu, with a fat waitress  serving  up the fare and offering editorial comment. (Press "dessert," for example, and the waitress appears with a tray of gooey treats and says: "Something sweet, sugar?   
Sprinkle with additional grated cheese and run under the broiler flame to melt the cheese and brown lightly.  Serve  with crisp home-fried potatoes, a salad of cucumbers and onions in French dressing and hot French bread. For dessert, serve Creme Brulee.   
There , in the Hall of the Slain , Valhalla , whose ceiling was of gold and was lighted by drawn swords and not lamps , the warriors battled from daybreak to sunset . Then those of them who had been killed were brought back to life , and all shared a divine feast in which they were  served  the meat of an immortal wild boar and inexhaustible hornfuls of mead .   
Be careful not to burn yourself . Note II This is a typical Spanish dessert and was  served  on holidays and important occasions .   
What you have to eat will be determined by when as well as where you intend to eat. Try not to  serve  a heavy dessert, such as ice cream and cake, in the late afternoon.   
It is covered with a cloth until the blessing and prayer which the child recites . The Father then slices the bread , everyone is given a piece , and the rest of the meal is then  served  and enjoyed .   
Garnish with croutons or crisp bacon bits .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Brush each cookie with hot syrup . When completely cooled , store in airtight container three weeks or more before  serving  . Yield: 55 to 60 cookies In addition to the seven (or more) sweets and sours, the Pennsylvania Dutch always serve this pea salad with turkey on Thanksgiving and Christmas.   
Meanwhile, put 8 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan, place it on a very small flame, and when melted, pour it into a small pitcher.  Serve  the " lost bread " hot with the melted butter and your favorite honey in a jar. Note This is a light dessert , often served with honey , syrup , or fruit sauces .   
Perhaps the most controversial exploit so far was the one that came at the expense of the red brick walls of town hall. To set it up, a consortium member first went to the municipality and asked for a permit to  serve  a communal meal -- a "faellesspisning" -- on the sidewalk next to the building.   
He was able to reassure them as to Natasha's condition , but did not feel that he could confide to the Spezzis the true cause of her earlier distress . Since they were both bursting with curiosity , the atmosphere was uneasy throughout the excellent dinner which was  served  to the four of them in the long , elegant dining room .   
Have a toaster on the buffet table so that each guest can toast his own bun and spoon the meat over it .  Serves  8 .   
" I'll see what I can do , " said Ellen Rosenberg . They made plans to meet at an out-of-the-way diner on the edge of the city , one that had warm lighting and  served  drinks and also delicious , hot , open roast beef sandwiches .   
The dining room was cold , but the food was so delicious that Catherine scarcely noticed . Edward had prepared a superb Peking duck , the crackling skin  served  first with delicate pancakes , followed by the tender , juicy meat .   
Bake in a dg400 oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until cooked through and crisp.  Serve  with cocktails.   
Cook until very tender and done and browned on the outside. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with the pan juices, sauteed potatoes and tiny French peas.   
Don't put salad dressing or mayonnaise on the salad, as many children don't like it.  Serve  it in an extra dish.   
It will press into a firm piece of meat that can be cut into neat, even slices.  Serve  cold boiled beef with potato salad and a hot vegetable, such as string beans with almonds.   
There seems little reason for making your own, but if you wish to, here is the recipe. This amount will  serve  4 persons.   
Garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Their foals were raised as excellent hunters and saddle horses , and many were the hunt breakfasts in the new dining rooms . The ladies of the manor houses  served  their best food and wine .   
I was left alone at my lunch in the dining room , one afternoon during the second week of my confinement , when Mrs. Duncan excused herself , explaining that she had some shopping to do before going to work and would clean up when she returned . I was grateful for the peace , Mrs. Duncan having developed the habit of hanging about and talking after  serving  my food .   
It comes ready to eat and is usually sold cut in paper-thin slices . Besides being useful in many recipes , prosciutto is a delectable morsel  served  with fresh fruit for a first course .   
Bake in a dg325 oven for about 45 minutes, or until hot and cooked through.  Serve  in thin slices.   
Mats slip about too much and look choppy . If the table is in the center of the room , there should be a decoration of some sort in the center of the table , but never so big that it interferes with people's  serving  themselves .   
In Italy , Veal Parmigiana is chopped veal , rolled in flour , dipped in egg , then rolled in crumbs and cheese and sauteed in butter . It is  served  with additional cheese and chopped parsley .   
Suddenly , she spied her mother who had , for a surprise , dressed up like a maid with a little white cap and apron . " Nannette , " she said to her mother , " we should like to have luncheon  served  when Mr. Blake has finished taking pictures . "   
The hour should be late enough that guests may sleep later than usual , but not so late that they will be kept from other leisure time activities .  Served  buffet-style , a bowl of fresh fruit is both centerpiece and first course .   
Cook fine noodles or vermicelli in salted water . Add to hot consomme just before  serving  .   
He lives in London near Hampton Court by the River Thames with his wife and daughter . David Eliades was born in London where he spent his early childhood "  serving  tea to firemen fighting the fires in the London blitz . "   
Remove the beets, grate, and return to kettle.  Serve  with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl. Serves 6 to 8 .   
The kosher kitchens are now entirely separate units from the other kitchens. From them we  serve  about a hundred persons at a given time, with menus presented and choice observed so far as we can and stay within the physician's limitations.   
Remove from heat and beat in the cream . May be  served  hot or cold .   
Add 2 cups vegetable stock . Salt to taste and add cream before  serving  .   
Cook until the meat thermometer registers dg150 and the vegetables are tender.  Serve  with crisp French or Italian bread and an orange, onion and romaine salad.   
Blend and heat just to the boiling point. Season to taste with salt and  serve  in a sauceboat with the steak.   
Sarma is prepared in nearly all Yugoslavian homes for Christmas , be they Slovenians , Croatians , or Serbs . If any is left , it is warmed over and  served  again .   
Pour the custard mix into the caramel lining and bake as above. Unmold on a plate and  serve  with a topping of caramel and whipped cream.   
Chill the weighted mold overnight or for 24 hours if possible. Unmold and  serve  with whipped cream or Custard Sauce (page 111, v4).   
The Jokers, a gang from the East Side, leased a loft in one of the warehouses for a speakeasy. Prohibition had been repealed long ago, but speakeasies remained to  serve  the underaged, after hours, and to spike alcohol with drugs.   
Mother ! " Mrs. Bucket was in the old grandparents' room ,  serving  them their evening soup . "   
" If possible , the first day begins with suckling pig , otherwise , roast pork . Just as the soup is  served  , the father lights the three-pronged candle .   
Cook them slowly until they are crisp and brown and thoroughly done.  Serve  with mashed potatoes, braised cabbage and a tomato salad with French dressing.   
Continue cooking and brush the skin with the mixture occasionally until the duck has a nice glaze and is done.  Serve  this Chinese-style duckling with steamed rice and Chinese vegetables, or with small white turnips smothered in butter and sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds.   
Gradually stir in the hot soup.  Serve  in heated soup plates, garnished with croutons. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Meantime, split and toast the buns.  Serve  a stuffed hamburger in each. Serves 8 .   
He was dressed in purple and gold , and around his neck he wore a heavy silver chain which Julius said was the sign of his kingship . The food was  served  by the women , who brought in huge platters of steaming hot meat .   
When you turn the pineapple, sprinkle a little brown sugar on the top and finish broiling and glazing.  Serve  with the ham.   
He pressed for a Federal indictment against McGraw for " willfully possessing a bottle of whiskey " in violation of the Volstead Act , and he got it . The Lambs , caught in the act of  serving  drinks in the grill room , promptly expelled McGraw in righteous indignation .   
Garnish with croutons , chopped parsley or a dollop of whipped cream .  Serves  4 .   
The same three days are set aside for this examination throughout the kingdom . Those taking part in the examinations are permitted to write from dawn to sunset , behind locked doors , and they are  served  with light meals , prepared the day before at public expense .   
And you look to me to've had enough, " he added personally for my benefit. It was notice that he would not  serve  me any more, which I took as intended.   
Brush split kidneys with melted butter and English mustard. Broil quickly (see above) and  serve  with Sauce Diable (page 111, v4).   
Fold half into mixture . Add 3 tablespoons sugar to remaining portion and swirl on top of eggnog if  served  in a bowl or drop by spoonfuls on top of individual cups .   
Poach it gently (do not boil) until it is translucent. Spoon out and  serve  on toast or serve as a garnish for meat dishes.   
Cover pan and cook slowly over low heat for approximately 30 minutes.  Serve  in hot soup plates or bowls, taking care so that each plate has a selection of fish, shrimp, and crab and an even amount of broth. Serve with warm, crusty bread.   
My older daughter has broken the tradition by having her cookies baked before the thirteenth , for she is always the Lucia bride herself . She dresses in white , wears a candle crown , and  serves  coffee to her family in bed , letting them taste all of the cookies .   
" They sat in Ernestine's room until supper time , and then went downstairs together . Mother was  serving  the plates , and dropped peas all over the tablecloth .   
Then they would walk around all day half asleep, hungry, and irritable. Imagine having to cook and  serve  three meals a day when you yourself have to abstain.   
Drain well.  Serve  with melted butter poured over. Serves 4 .   
In front of each person stood a little egg cup . The Addisons were camping , but they were having the same meal ,  served  with the same graciousness , as they would have had at home .   
Flavor the peaches with Grand Marnier or Cointreau.  Serve  plain or with a custard sauce flavored with Grand Marnier or Cointreau. Make shortcake (page 11, v1) and serve sliced peaches over it sugared to taste.   
China , silver , and linens can all be arranged ahead of time , and the cooked foods take only a short time to prepare . Everyone  serves  himself as he arrives .   
Add a drop of green vegetable coloring and stir . Spoon over salad before  serving  .   
Heat in 400 degree oven until piping (about 10 minutes).  Serve  on a butter plate with a good pat of butter.   
Then she would lie on the couch for weeks and groan about her plaster of Paris cast when the ladies' church circles came to visit her. It was just a scheme to get Mother to fix her hair and to get Granddad to  serve  her supper and carry her to bed in the evenings.   
Turn the rolls once during the cooking.  Serve  veal birds on buttered rice with apple slices sauteed in butter and glazed with a little sugar sprinkled over them.   
When the shoulder and vegetables are cooked through, brown and bubbly, bring the casserole to the table.  Serve  with Horseradish Sauce and baked apples.   
And having installed the joint and vegetables on the sideboard the pudding being cold the cook said good night and departed , plainly for home . It was Robert who  served  everything , silently , unobtrusively and attentively .   
Season with salt and pepper . Stir in the sherry just before  serving  . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Then lower heat , cover , and simmer for 1 hour .  Serves  6 .   
In case you don't like oyster stew, I give you a recipe at the end for a very easy to prepare, very good soup, all from cans, which you may use as a substitute. On Christmas Eve in England it's traditional to  serve  a wassail bowl, and what could be better to provide for your tree-trimmers?   
It can be serious , " Sam assured him . " That hospital not only has the problem of  serving  the meals hot , but handling them in a way not to offend any patient .   
Though come to think of it, she had stayed home most evenings this summer to cook Reese's dinner while Amanda was working and she had been nice about it, insisting that Amanda need not worry, that she would have to learn to cook sometime, wouldn't she? And even Reese, not prone to give Carol credit for anything, admitted that she was a good cook, that she produced better meals than Amanda because she would rather  serve  steak than hamburger.   
We spent the evening more or less reading , but mostly talking over past New Year's Eves and there is a lot to remember when you've spent so many of them together , with only the break caused by World War II . I got out the last of the cheese and made toasted sandwiches ,  served  with a flourish and a hitherto concealed bottle of stuffed olives .   
It can be used in a number of fish, meat, poultry and vegetable soups. And if you are planning to  serve  biscuits or dumplings, try a pinch of crushed rosemary in the batter.   
Add another 1/2 cup of white wine and simmer until the veal is tender.  Serve  with rice pilaff.   
" Lift " rice with large spoon until it is thoroughly warm and butter has been absorbed .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Some studio insiders complain that MCA has shown itself penny-wise and pound-foolish in attacking frills. The company, by Mr. Sackheim's account, recently saved about $300 a day by eliminating a catering truck that used to  serve  breakfast to the "Hard Copy" crew.   
For if a child has an inherited tendency to be fat , it will be very difficult for him to later learn to control the bad habit of stuffing himself . The idea that children should be taught to " clean their plates " of everything  served  to them is ridiculous .   
Remove the chicken and strain the broth through a linen napkin or towel . The chicken may be  served  with the broth or reserved for other uses .   
Wolf Larsen and I, between us, cut off Kerfoot's crushed finger and sewed up the stump. Mugridge, who during all the time he had been compelled to cook and  serve  coffee and keep the fire going had complained of internal pains, now swore that he had a broken rib or two.   
Crack the claws with a nutcracker so that the meat will come out easily.  Serve  boiled, hot lobster with plenty of melted butter and lemon wedges. Or let it cool and serve it with mayonnaise, Green Mayonnaise or Remoulade Sauce (see Salad Dressings).   
" I can hardly believe that she is the same girl I found here when I came home in August . She  served  a well cooked meal , but I was afraid she'd sour the cream when she looked at it .   
If you are having a light meal, say a sauteed chicken, start with hearty hors d'oeuvre, such as tiny hot biscuits stuffed with foie gras. If you are having a fish dinner, don't  serve  fish appetizers. Serve something made with vegetables, meat or cheese.   
Follow the directions for Hashed Brown Potatoes ( see above ) and just before the potatoes are done , add 1/2 to 3/4 cup of hot cream . Let this cook into the potatoes for a minute or so before  serving  .   
Bake in a dg350 oven for about 45 minutes or until the filling is set around the edges, but still a little runny in the center. (See Custard Pie, above.)  Serve  warm or cool, plain or with whipped cream.   
Pour the freshly mixed dressing over the greens and toss lightly with a fork and spoon until each piece of green is bathed with oil.  Serve  quickly.   
The owners were justly proud of such buildings . They encouraged visitors who , around 1905 , were inspecting the plant each day in groups of fifty to five hundred , enjoying a conducted tour , complete with tea  served  in the adjoining clubhouse .   
The recipe was greatly improved when the cow was brought to the New World and milk and butter were added to clam chowder. First: The day before you plan to  serve , pick over beans and discard any shriveled or imperfect ones.   
Using the dining room does , of course , mean extra work for the housewife . A dinette , breakfast nook , or area in the kitchen itself where family meals can be  served  at the kitchen table minimizes " dining room work . "   
Roast this stuffed, boned leg according to the directions for Roast Leg of Lamb (see above).  Serve  with the same bean dish and chopped spinach dressed with butter and a touch of nutmeg.   
An earthenware casserole can perform splendidly as a tureen stand-in . If you wish to make your soup presentation truly resplendent , the tureen may be chosen with a decorative eye toward the type of soup  served  .   
Add vegetables , peppercorns and salt during last hour of cooking .  Serves  8 .   
Prepared as in the recipe below , it makes a festive dish , indeed . One advantage is that the cabbage rolls can be stuffed in advance , then cooked just before  serving  .   
Season with salt and pepper .  Serves  6 .   
Garnish each  serving  with a twist of lemon peel . Serves 6 .   
Combine milk and flavoring and beat with a rotary beater , or shake vigorously in a shaker or , easiest and best , whirl in the blender .  Serves  2 .   
Bind with flour and butter . Add the milk just before  serving  and season with salt , chili powder and cumin .   
With Fried Apple Rings: Omit the onions and apples.  Serve  with Fried Apple Rings, mashed potatoes, dressed with butter and chopped parsley, and an onion and avocado salad.   
"There wasn't enough for the whole hospital or all the wards. Alice was nervous as she watched the nurse on her team  serve  the first American at tea time.   
Garnish with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
" So Alice talked to him . She explained that many American families , either because of a principle against the use of alcohol , or because they were not accustomed to wine , never  served  it in the home .   
Pour into a fondue pot or small chafing dish . Keep warm while  serving  .   
Garnish with a sprinkling of minced parsley and paprika .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Prepare celery sticks and cucumber slices and place them in separate plastic bags . Leave tomatoes whole and slice just before  serving  .   
For decoration , as well as extra flavor , follow an 1820 suggestion : Stick blanched , split almonds all over the pudding and set aflame before bringing to table .  Serves  8 to 10 .   
In the fifth , a well-known spot on Kaiserstrasse , the fine linen had been replaced with paper placemats and the elegant waiters with morose matrons . The distasteful dinner came as a rude shock after the fine food I had been  served  in Marseille .   
Bake in a dg375 oven until the custard is set.  Serve  hot with heavy cream.   
Garnish with loads of popcorn and a sprinkling of snipped chives .  Serves  2 to 3 .   
And of all mankind, alive or dead, the class he has least time for are travelling gentry. He wouldn't  serve  a drink to a tinker, not if the seat of his trousers was patched with ten pound notes.   
" Right , sir , " I said . " Do you wish them  served  sunny-side up ? "   
My own propensities are most definitely toward a gustatorial outlook . It may be highly " unscientific , " but as I see it , ichthyology is splendid but it can be even better  served  in a sauce and garnished with parsley .   
Ms. Shepherd fired off letters to the magazine and the National Live Stock and Meat Board, blaming her publicist. She says she does eat beef, and a People magazine piece on her recent wedding noted that she  served  steaks.   
Garnish with croutons .  Serves  4 .   
Simmer until the fish flakes when tested with a fork.  Serve  in heated soup plates.   
What soups ! And what an aesthetic experience preparing such a variety of ingredients and then  serving  them up in celadon bowls with porcelain spoons ( the silver one heat up too fast ! )   
Pour sauce over them. Put the stew in a bowl or  serve  directly from stew pot. Serve immediately.   
A wealthy matron hired a new maid just a day before an important dinner party and instructed her carefully on how to wait on table. " Now do remember, Mary, always  serve  from the left and remove the plates from the right.   
The meats are baked or made into balls that are stuffed or sauteed . Fish dishes are used as appetizers , baked on an open-face sandwich , or sauteed in balls and  served  with vegetables and sauces .   
If the soup is too thick , add a little boiling water during cooking .  Serves  6 .   
Variation: Sprinkle the slices with grated Parmesan cheese just before they finish cooking. Soak cold cooked celeriac in Vinaigrette Sauce (page 111, v4) and  serve  on a bed of greens with or without mayonnaise. Combine it with other cold cooked vegetables and serve in the same way.   
At each place sat a little doll . The girls were  served  Swedish meat balls , green beans , carrot strips , potato chips , milk , ice cream , and cake .   
Season with salt and pepper . Add the parsley just before  serving  .   
If desired , garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  8 to 10 .   
Wrap the ones you're going to use for this party in a damp cloth or napkin, then in aluminum foil, and place in a 200 degree oven to warm.  Serve  as bread with the chili con carne.   
Heap on a bed of greens and garnish with hard-cooked egg, raw onion rings and green pepper rings.  Serve  with additional mayonnaise, if you wish.   
Bake in greased square pan in 375 degree oven 20 -- 25 minutes. Cut in squares to  serve . Serves 4 .   
Most vegetables particularly the non-tuberous ones , those that grow above ground are delicate pieces of plant life . They should be cooked quickly in as little liquid as possible and  served  up at once while they still have their fresh taste .   
Remove hulls. This is an attractive way to  serve  berries if they are large and perfect.   
Balance it carefully on the spit and roast over charcoal or in the rotisserie until the thermometer registers dg145 to dg150 for rare.  Serve  with sauteed potatoes or baked potatoes.   
Turn with spatula.  Serve  hot.   
And a very rewarding part of homemaking is planning the right foods for a family . For February I have chosen some easy and inexpensive recipes which my Mormor might have  served  .   
Using a mixing spoon in one hand and a fork in the other , mix until the potatoes are well covered with dressing . Do not refrigerate remember , this salad is to be  served  hot .   
Pour into a shallow pan and chill until firm. To  serve , cut the jellied soup into tiny cubes and pile into chilled bouillon cups.   
Put the platter over hot water to keep it hot.  Serve  with lingonberries, jam, syrup, or just sprinkled with sugar.   
Remove cover and continue baking for 15 minutes, allowing the top to brown.  Serve  with custard sauce or plain.   
Then there is the tiny white onion with the dry skin . This is the choice for boiling and  serving  as a vegetable .   
Find a good butcher who keeps a supply of fresh calf's liver and will cut it to your order. One pound will  serve  2 to 3 persons, or 4 if appetites are modest.   
She closed her eyes , and opened them to daylight . The sun was rising like a torch over the sea , and there was a clink of metal , which indicated that more food was about to be  served  .   
Suggested accompaniments: Hot French bread is especially good when dunked in this broth. Also  serve  a good green salad, a dry red wine, fruit and cheese for dessert.   
Canned or frozen blueberries can never do as much . This pie is marvelous  served  perfectly plain , but if you wish , it may be served with sweetened and flavored whipped cream , as for Indian pudding ( page 11 ) , or with vanilla ice cream .   
Ice cold cheese never has as fine a texture nor as definite a flavor. To enjoy cheese at its best,  serve  a tray of various types and eat them with a good firm bread or crusty French rolls.   
Stir in lemon juice and wine . Just before  serving  , brush slices of French bread with melted garlic butter and toast in the oven .   
Cook over moderate heat for 20 minutes , then lower heat and simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes more .  Serve  hot or cold , thickening each serving with a beaten egg yolk or a spoonful of sour cream . Serves 6 .   
Look for the brightest red stalks; those that are greenish are older and tougher. A pound will  serve  4 persons.   
Cut paper-thin slices of cold, cooked corned beef and trim off all the fat. Arrange the meat slices on a platter and  serve  with a selection of mustards, cole slaw, raw onion rings and thinly sliced pickles.   
Use any of those recommended for Plain Omelet and pass it separately. Cheese Fluffy Omelet:  Serve  with a cheese sauce (page 111, v4).   
A little pink at the joint will do no harm.  Serve  chicken with degreased pan juices, crisp sauteed potatoes and a good salad.   
Footmen threw open a door . " Dinner is  served  . "   
She preferred to think of him in that way . She  served  up the simple dinner and called her men .   
With cream: Add 1/2 cup of heavy cream or sour cream and beat it through the mashed rutabaga. With bacon:  Serve  mashed rutabaga sprinkled with bacon bits.   
Garnish with grated Parmesan cheese , if desired , and chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Nothing had been said about our coming back tonight, but that is Angela's way of drumming up trade, which is slow enough here. They  serve  an Arabic coffee (her husband is an Arab immigrant) and a Mexican brandy, for which they overcharge us outrageously.   
Mix together the egg yolks and cream and stir into the hot soup .  Serves  8 .   
" Foster recommended more use of visual aids and other devices to enliven the classes . " When they discuss instant coffee in a case , they should have cups of Maxim and fresh-brewed coffee  served  to the class , so the students can compare the two .   
Cook over medium heat for 30 minutes .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
He called the head waiter and complained , not only about the food , but also about his waiter . In great contrast was the old waiter who was  serving  two middle-aged ladies at the neighboring table .   
One or other of the Duke's quantities of wives would be detailed to prepare a luncheon in her own house , to which all important foreign visitors would be bidden . She would usually  serve  a " yam chop " , a dish of boiled yams and boiled fowls served up with sweet palm oil and pepper , and washed down with mimbo , rum or brandy .   
The dish consists of Oriental-style chopped chicken and green beans in an Italian-style marinara sauce. It is  served  over spaghetti, with a delicately shredded Japanese cabbage salad, Texas toast, and Louisiana tabasco sauce -- all for $4.75.   
Cover and cook over low heat for 1 hour . Add the cream and cottage cheese just before  serving  .   
Pour into a heat-proof  serving  dish and cool for 6 to 8 hours. When ready to serve, sprinkle the top of the creme with brown sugar and run under the broiler flame for just a minute to glaze the sugar.   
The larger , round , yellow onion , known as the Bermuda or Spanish onion , is milder , with a rather sweet flavor . This is popular , sliced and broiled , with steak and hamburger , or  served  raw with sliced tomatoes .   
Garnish with a sprinkling of snipped chives .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
Your aunt said it was a memorable day and would be memorable for all eternity . She told about pink birds who crashed against the wind-screens of cars in Italy and who when dead were  served  on toast .   
Moe said, " Not at all, Monty, come on in. If you don't mind us cleaning up while you have your dinner, I will  serve  you right away.   
Carry to the table blazing . Follow directions for Baked Bananas ( page 111 ) and blaze the peaches with bourbon just before  serving  .   
Season to taste. Stir a raw egg yolk into each batch of scrambled eggs and  serve  them on a hot platter, kept warm on a hot tray or in a chafing dish or in dishes over hot water. Serves 12 .   
Grind 1/4 cup peanuts with a nut grinder and sprinkle each portion with 1 teaspoon ground peanuts. Important.  serve  hot.   
These are runny cheeses with a hard outer crust.  Serve  with melba toast or French bread.   
Remove chicken meat from bones and return to soup.  Serve  with a bowl of pilau to spoon into the soup. Serves 6 .   
During this time , baste the meat once or twice to help coat it with the marvelous gravy . This dish is very good  served  with red cabbage and potato pancakes . Note As mentioned at the beginning of the recipe , this dish is easier to manage if prepared the day before or early on the day it is to be served .   
Garnish with slices of egg and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
In the example used , not . From five to seven-thirty means , very probably , that canapes , and other little delicacies and appetizers , will be  served  but not a meal .   
Put all into a bowl of cold water and refrigerate. When ready to  serve , dry on paper toweling and place attractively on a plate or platter with a small dish of seasoned salt in the center for dunking.   
" Sit where you wish , " said Brenda . The guests were  served  Italian spaghetti , lettuce wedges , big round oatmeal cookies , and of course , the apples .   
Fresh lemon juice , by the way , should be used liberally on all raw and cooked food . Most people get into a rut with vegetables ,  serving  the same ones continually , never taking full advantage of the variety offered .   
Constant basting makes a moister loaf. If you  serve  this meat loaf hot, let it stand on a hot platter for 10 to 15 minutes before you carve it, to settle the juices. It is even more delicious when served just at a temperature between warm and cold , with a salad . It is excellent served in thin slices the next day , and it makes superb sandwiches .   
Artichoke as an Hors D'oeuvre See page 111, v4. Stuffed Mushrooms  Serve  hot Stuffed Mushrooms, page 111, v5. Serve tiny tomatoes, hollowed out and stuffed with Salad a la Russe (page 111, v4), finely chopped Seafood Salad or Mixed Tuna Salad (page 111, v4).   
Favourite everyday dishes are " Jansson's Temptation , " an anchovy dish , with potatoes and onions , baked in an oven ; pytt-i-panna , a hash of meat and potatoes with a fried egg or preferably two ; Swedish meatballs , which also contain onions ; and thick pea soup with chunks of pork swimming in it , traditionally eaten in most Swedish homes on Thursday . There are numbers of attractive ways of  serving  up salmon and other fish , and a great array of different sorts of sausage . Meat off the bone is extremely expensive; nowadays, when they can afford it, the Swedes tend to serve it in the French way, an improvement on their traditional over-cooking of sliced beef. But the most famous of Swedish meals for it is really a whole meal in itself , even if served only as a huge prelude is the smorgasbord .   
The rest were either Russians or eastern Europeans . Vodka was  served  , and it wasn't long after they had arrived that Mr. Davenport took on the appearance of being drunk .   
California is a veritable Garden of Eden , and its culinary traditions have come a long way from the time when little cakes were made from the mash of the bitter acorn of the wild California oak . In California , salads are  served  as a first course .   
Taste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper if needed.  Serve  in a salad bowl and garnish with sliced hard-cooked egg, strips of green pepper and sliced stuffed olives.   
When ready to  serve  , unmold ( it comes out very easily ) and fill the center of the ring with balls of ice cream ( strawberry would be pretty ) or with balls of sherbet in various pastel colors . Serves 6 -- 8 . Note: The ring becomes very crisp, so it is impossible to slice it to serve.   
If desired , place a pat of butter in each  serving  bowl before pouring soup . Serves 4 to 6 .   
With shrimp: Five minutes before the sauce is done, add 1 pound of shelled raw shrimp and 1 teaspoon of tarragon. Finish cooking and  serve  over hot pasta.   
Add a few dashes of sherry, if desired.  Serve  at once. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Deviled Beef Bones: If a little of the meat is left on the rib bones by the carver, these may be cooked in the same manner as Deviled Beef Slices (see above).  Serve  with Sauce Diable.   
"The trouble with premium entrees and dinners is that they aren't really premium," contends Leo Shapiro, a Chicago-based marketing consultant. "They are acceptable only when compared with TV dinners -- in other words, wet dogfood  served  on a prison plate."   
The service-oriented ambiance also makes steep prices -- $4.95 for a cheeseburger and fries, for example -- easier to swallow, he says. Because women business travelers tend to avoid dark airport bars, Host is installing brighter lights and big TV screens in its bars, as well as  serving  appetizers and sandwiches along with drinks.   
Of course , each guest wanted to examine all the place cards before she took her own seat for luncheon . For dessert , Laura  served  petits fours which she had decorated .   
The icing can be decorated with his name and a candle for each year plus " one to grow on " for children , or it can be decorated in some other way that makes it extra special . If it is  served  at a party , the decorations can carry out the theme .   
The French phrase hors d'oeuvre is an idiomatic expression that means something unusual out of the general pattern . As a culinary term it means a side dish , generally  served  as an appetizer .   
Continue cooking until the vegetables are done and the meat is tender. Remove the brisket to a hot platter, surround it with the vegetables and  serve  with sharp horseradish or with Mustard Sauce. You can serve the broth first as a soup course, if you like, and then follow it with the meat and vegetables.   
Simmer 5 minutes.  Serve  on toasted buns.   
Rutherford Hayes was tongue-lashed by a visitor before guards could grab the man. Some visitors, in the early days when tea, coffee and food were  served  in an adjacent room, flat out ignored the president.   
Euell Gibbons who is enthusiastic about catnip recommends steeping tea in a tightly covered vessel , as its flavor and aroma are volatile . He  serves  his tea in a demi-tasse with a slice of lemon after dinner .   
Drain the potatoes at once, sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper and put back on the stove over very low heat for a few minutes to dry out and get mealy.  Serve  in their skins with plenty of melted butter.   
Cover and cook over low heat for 40 minutes .  Serves  8 to 10 .   
Add nutmeg.  Serve  with chopped hard-cooked eggs and lemon wedges. Serves 4 to 6 .   
When ready to use, skim off fat, and reheat.  Serve  with fluffy white rice and crusty French bread.   
You could smell the burning charcoal and hear the mutton sizzle over the fire . There was rice and ewe's cheese and boiling tea , which was  served  in a cracked earthen cup that we each took turns drinking from .   
Perhaps the child was not mine. If Barton Bester's restaurants were Mafia-controlled, why did not one of them  serve  Italian food?   
Stir into the stew .  Serve  piping hot in a heated dish with a bowl of the chilled sour cream sprinkled with paprika to spoon over each serving . Serves 6 .   
Pour over onions , and place tart in a dg375 oven for about 35 minutes or until a knife comes out clean when inserted 1-1/2 inches from center . Allow to rest 15 minutes before  serving  .   
But he also wanted variety, balance, and contrast in each program. When a friend said he thought he overdid his preparation, Rubinstein explained, " You wouldn't  serve  a guest veal, beef, and chicken at the same meal.   
And besides , she figures that all I am burning up is my own trees , and youth has to have its fling . She  serves  us a country dinner , starting with smoked fatback soup and ending with white cheese , that is reminiscent enough of the return home of the prodigal son to break your heart .   
But no imitation of gold would satisfy Harun ar Rashid , the caliph made famous in the Arabian Nights . At the feasts in his palace the roasts of duck , turkey , and suckling lamb , laid in beds of saffron rice , were  served  on dishes of gold and jewels .   
An elderly couple asked Carol if she would trade apartments with them because theirs was too big now that their children had gotten married . Carol said no. She  served  no refreshments but nobody seemed to mind .   
Don't put them in salad dressings; they overpower the delicate greens.  Serve  blue cheese separately with the salad course, if you like.   
Slash the crust to let the steam escape.  Serve  it piping hot from the bowl in which it was steamed, and with it serve mashed potatoes and braised Brussels sprouts.   
Garnish with a sprinkling of snipped dill .  Serves  6 to 8 . VARIATION: To serve cold, omit the egg yolks. Chill the soup and stir in the cream just before serving .   
Gently heat through and garnish with croutons .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
So far, she has purchased a 12-volume leatherbound guide to the motion-picture industry, a bear stuffed with shredded money, a shawl at Gucci, an artwork in pewter, cobalt vases and handcrafted toy soldiers. And she is still planning to  serve  caviar on Christmas Eve.   
Combine with other ingredients, including reserved pork, and simmer until well blended, about 20 minutes.  Serve  as a vegetable with any pork dish, or as luncheon entree.   
" Mercy , " my mother said at last , " my nose is shining like a beacon where's your powder ? " When my mother had gone down to start  serving  the dinner , Aunt Edna put away the ashtrays and began spraying Attar of Roses around the room .   
Both are delicious. One grapefruit of average size will  serve  2 persons.   
" My compliments to our guest, and conduct him to my study.  Serve  his dinner there, and request his permission to receive us in one hour.   
Top the chilled soup with mounds of beaten egg whites .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
" I believe it is the custom , sir , in decent society , " said Mr Crawley , haughtily , " to call the dish as I have called it " ; and it was  served  to us on silver soup-plates by the footmen in the canary coats , with the mouton aux navets . Then " ale and water " were brought , and served to us young ladies in wine-glasses .   
Add milk, cream, and oyster liquor and make very hot, but do not boil.  Serve  with 8 good pats of butter floating on top and a dusting of paprika.   
Whip cream with salt until thick ( see page 201 , v2 ) . When  serving  , top each cup or soup plate with a dollop of whipped cream . Serves 6 .   
Buy these in packages and heat according to directions on package in their own foil pans.  Serve  wrapped in napkins, in baskets if you have them.   
Top with freshly ground black pepper and a sprinkling of chopped parsley .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
Heat.  Serve  steaming hot in demitasse cups as a delightful appetizer. Serves 8 .   
When the white is all white and firm the egg is done. Remove the eggs with a slotted or perforated spoon, draining them thoroughly before you  serve  them on toast slices.   
Taste for seasoning and add salt if required . Before  serving  , add the reserved whole peas . Serves 4 to 6 .   
The rosary finished , Annie shooed him off to bed with the excuse that : " Someone has to be fit to rise the morrow . " She herself stayed up till morning ,  serving  tea in the kitchen to relays of mourners , making the all-night vigil at the wake .   
I was at the house when they got there. Miss Amma Dean had brought Ethel up there to  serve  the drinks and the sandwiches, and she had asked me to stay there to make coffee.   
A crown roast of lamb is a double rack shaped into a crown . It is generally  served  with mushrooms , sausage or vegetables heaped in the center .   
Season with salt .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Top with whipped cream.  Serve  poached peach halves (see above) topped with vanilla ice cream and raspberry syrup.   
Place in dg400 F. oven until top is browned.  Serve  from the casserole. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Food. If your party is held out-of-doors,  serve  meat sandwiches instead of meat and potatoes.   
Gently heat through , but do not let boil .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
If you have cooked them in the shell, remove shells and clean.  Serve  these shrimp chilled, with mayonnaise, Green Mayonnaise, Remoulade Sauce, Tartar Sauce or Vinaigrette Sauce (see Salad Dressings).   
With a strong lead -- the latest Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll shows he has the support of 35% of his party's likely voters, with the Rev. Jesse Jackson a distant second with 9% -- the outsider has the inside track for the nomination. Even so, the man who supplemented his father's income by  serving  hamburgers at Scotti's drive-in here is in a peculiar position, an insurgent who is forced to run almost as an incumbent.   
Bake according to instructions for Apple Pie (above).  Serve  with heavy cream or whipped cream.   
They are sold by the pint and quart. One quart will  serve  4 persons.   
Be careful not to let the sauce stick to the pan or burn. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with the stuffed chops. With these fine-tasting stuffed chops serve Polenta (page 111, v2) and zucchini sauteed in olive oil and flavored with garlic and parsley.   
Garnish with croutons .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
He smiled ingratiatingly at Mrs. Smith , complimented her on her trim appearance , and said , " I wish my mother would take up golf . " Dessert was  served  , and Jenny's grandmother suggested , " You children run along when you're ready .   
Baste frequently with additional butter as the lobster cooks or it will dry out. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with melted butter and lemon wedges.   
Another feeling urges me to become a good Marine . The third week things were still within bounds until the morning they  served  powdered eggs in the chow hall .   
VARIATION : Omit the chili pepper . Just before  serving  , add 1/4 cup dry sherry .   
Garnish with chopped parsley , chives or scallions .  Serves  4 .   
This rich French dough can be made into the traditional buns with little topknots, or it can be shaped any way you choose. It makes an excellent bread or bun to  serve  guests at breakfast, luncheon or, toasted, at teas.   
The Floating Island he eulogized was not the custard dessert we know today , but a very rich beverage . Undoubtedly its delicate pink color added much to the pleasure of  serving  it .   
Consider Joseph Duerr, a Los Angeles real-estate dealer. He wanted to  serve  two bottles of Dom Perignon champagne at a recent barbecue, and he did -- after paying about $69 a bottle, 56% more than a year ago at one liquor store.   
Baste them occasionally , and turn them over when they have cooked about 1/2 hour . Roast beef is best  served  plain with the pan juices and perhaps a little horseradish or mustard .   
" Okay, I'll go, I suppose. I just hope you  serve  up something substantial before we go, Mom.   
When they are hot through and thoroughly browned, they are done.  Serve  plain or garnished with bacon bits and chopped parsley.   
This is not necessary. Cook kidneys quickly and  serve  them rare.   
Bake in a dg375 oven for 1/2 hour , basting frequently with the broth or wine in the pan . This can be  served  as a first course , as a salad course or as a side dish on a cold buffet .   
Cool to room temperature , then chill in refrigerator . Note Originally this old recipe was  served  perfectly plain , as given .   
The " smallies " can join in this pre-dinner gathering so that the family circle will be complete. Another interesting variation is to  serve  the dessert somewhere else; in the living room, on the patio or terrace, in the playroom, or on the lawn.   
Flavor to taste with curry powder and add pieces of cold turkey. Heat and  serve  over rice. With this serve a good chutney, toasted buttered almonds, chopped hard-cooked egg and some crisp tiny green onions.   
The table was loaded with roast suckling pig , chaudin ( stuffed stomach of a young hog ) , baked chickens and ducks , ham , rice dressing , " store-bought " bread , country butter , winter vegetables ( no frozen foods in those days ) , and baked sweet potatoes . Wine was  served  , of course , and at the end a demi-tasse of pure black coffee made from home-roasted beans .   
Surround it with the pig's feet, sliced salt pork, sliced loin of pork and sausages.  Serve  with the boiled potatoes.   
Heat to a boil . Add sherry just before  serving  . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Decorate each egg with two bacon slices (cut in half if you like).  Serve  at once. Serves 4 .   
He saw the short, fat figure of Davis come into the yellow ring of light cast by the battle lantern. "You may  serve  out a ration of rum to all hands, Mr. Davis, including such of the wounded as the doctor may give consent to."   
Continue stirring and cooking until the sauce is smooth and thick. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with the rolls.   
They took the gourd from me when I handed it to them, and that was all. After they had drunk, they just let it hang there in their hands, and I had to reach and get it so I could  serve  another one.   
Reheat. With sour cream:  Serve  plain baked potatoes with sour cream, salt, freshly ground black pepper and chopped chives; or scoop out the insides and blend with these ingredients.   
The salmon may provide enough. Just before you  serve , add a dash of lemon juice.   
It has simply been something he's always taken for granted. He is used to seeing his family have a glass of wine with dinner and usually, though not always,  serve  a drink to their guests.   
When they are browned on both sides and almost done, add just enough Marsala to cover the meat and let the wine cook down for a few minutes.  Serve  sprinkled with chopped parsley.   
If your party is small and if you wish to give favors for the party, buy something that makes you think of the world, such as: small globe, a handbook of flags of other countries, or if your guests are stamp collectors, a small packet of foreign stamps. Refreshments: If you wish to  serve  guests at a table, you can use the cake as a centerpiece.   
Phone 622-7886 4701 Westheimer , just off the West Loop . Sonny Look's Sir-Loin Inn  serves  the ultimate in Texas-size steaks big , thick and cooked the way you like them .   
Here, at the Ngiu Kee department store, cosmetologists demonstrate the new Bio line of natural-ingredient makeup put out by Kenebo, the Japanese cosmetics firm. At the Sha Na Na fast-food shop, "halal" food -- food acceptable to orthodox Muslims -- is  served : Halal fish-head curry costs $1.28, while a halal cheeseburger goes for 68 cents.   
Clayton kept Aunt Millie laughing and , Amanda hoped , drove out all memory of the comments she had overheard from Perry and Carol . While Clayton cleared the table and Amanda  served  an old-fashioned brown Betty , the telephone rang .   
To many of us , fish means only deep-fat fried shrimp or canned tuna . Our neglect of fish is a sad state of affairs , for few foods are tastier than fresh fish broiled gently until golden brown and  served  up with lemon , butter and parsley .   
Cover the pot again , turn flame down to low , and continue to simmer for 1/2 hour more . Fourth : Just before  serving  , remove 1/2 cup broth to a teacup , add 1/2 tablespoon file , and stir with a teaspoon until smooth .   
Arrange the chicken on a hot platter, add a dash or so of lemon juice to the sauce and pour it over the chicken. Garnish with chopped parsley and  serve  with rice or noodles.   
Also a favorite dessert soup .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
When they are done, cool them and then chill in the refrigerator.  Serve  with mayonnaise or Vinaigrette Sauce (see Salad Dressings).   
Other hams: Canned hams, domestic and imported, offer a shortcut in preparation; they need only be heated through. Or  serve  them cold as they come from the can.   
Chef Biagi, for one, agrees. He says that he enjoys it, but only if it's  served  warm with a glass of milk.   
Cover and continue cooking until meat and vegetables are tender .  Serves  6 .   
Allow 3 to 4 apricots per  serving . Peel and slice apricots and serve them with sugar and heavy cream.   
Heat until thickened , but do not let boil .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Cook until vegetables are tender.  Serve  with a spoonful of sour cream in each soup plate and sprinkle with chopped parsley or dill. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
We are doing a sewing project in all classes hoping to complete it before Christmas vacation . The 11th and 12th grade prepared cookies and candy  served  at " open house " sponsored by the home ec and craft departments held Thursday afternoon , December 5 . Members of all classes assisted with the preparation and serving for this event .   
I had never had domestic help in the States simply because we couldn't afford it, but in Kabul it was a necessity. Buying food in the bazaars and preparing it to  serve  is almost impossible for a Western woman.   
If desired , garnish with croutons or sprinkle with grated cheese .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
A famous after-dinner speaker was invited to appear at a club in a medium-sized city . As he stepped up to the lectern after the dessert had been  served  , he noticed that the usual pitcher of water and glass were missing .   
They vary greatly.  Serve  slices of melon with lime wedges or lemon wedges, and be sure to have salt available.   
Sprinkle with sliced scallions .  Serves  4 .   
She had arranged to sell two old hens that were past laying , to the proprietor of the hotel . They would be  served  there for supper one evening to the residents and the visiting commercial travelers .   
Bring just to a boil.  Serve  this sauce with the meat.   
Season with Worcestershire and salt.  Serve  hot or chilled.   
Gray, flabby, cold lamb is thoroughly unappetizing. Be sure you always  serve  hot lamb on hot, hot platters or plates.   
" Go out to the shed , " he says , " and see what damage the coffin has suffered since it left the premises . " I finished  serving  a round of drinks and when I got out to the shed the Feeneys had brought in the coffin .   
Suggested accompaniments: Baked potato dressed with butter, chopped parsley and crumbled bacon. Rib steaks vary in size; a small one will  serve  one person and a large one will serve two.   
Give them about 3 to 4 minutes on the second side.  Serve  with the sauces from the broiling pan poured over them.   
Sprinkle with snipped fresh dill .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
It has proven to be quite helpful to the kids and challenging to those helping them . Mrs. Swank's senior class has been working on casseroles and menu planning which will help them with their senior dinners which are being  served  around Christmas .   
Over the years, the Gottis have prospered by maintaining quality in food, wine and service. Chefs may have come and gone, but the diners have kept coming back for such menu items as grilled lobster, basted with sea urchin coral butter and  served  with a potato puree creamed with virgin olive oil, at $28 a portion.   
July 4th Place a tiny flag, stuck in a red gumdrop, at each place.  Serve  flaming peaches: Put a lump of sugar, soaked in lemon extract, inside each canned peach half and light it.   
If the ads continue, said a spokesman for New York Attorney General Robert Abrams, "We'll consider legal action." He added, "The fact is that food  served  by McDonald's should be consumed only in moderation."   
The press is screaming for Dowling's head .  Served  up with an apple in his mouth .   
Add the rice, if desired, butter and chayote pieces and simmer for about 5 minutes more. Discard garlic and  serve  at once. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Spread on thin, finger-shaped slices of firm bread or toast and top with very thin slices of tiny white onion.  Serve  open-faced or top with another slice of the bread lightly buttered.   
It is a delicious seasoning for all three. Also  serve  sauteed or baked onions, mashed yellow turnips, or Brussels sprouts.   
Season with salt , pepper and herbs .  Serves  4 .   
Yes , sir . " Ruby invited her guests into the inner office and  served  bourbon and coke .   
He would have answered to a question , those blind eyes blinking : " My name is Michael Panyotis and I sing the glory of Greece ! " Luncheon was  served  .   
Stir carefully to combine ingredients. Be sure this is well heated through and  serve  hot.   
Divide the won ton among 6 soup plates and fill with the hot soup .  Serves  6 .   
With the engines off , there was no electricity . The stewardesses  served  a few cold leftovers from the galley , holding their trays in one hand , flashlights in the other .   
A rich Sauternes or Tokay or strong-tasting German wine can be a perfect culmination to a meal with wine , but even the finest vintage port will not taste its best after such wines . There are other exceptions to the main rule of  serving  dry before sweet . When rich dishes such as foie gras , already mentioned , or smoked salmon are served at the beginning of a meal , dry wines may be considered a less suitable accompaniment than sweet wines .   
Pour this over the kidneys and rice, and garnish with chopped parsley.  Serve  with crisp toasted bread and a beet and egg salad on a bed or romaine.   
He began her education. He taught her not to  serve  spaghetti because it was messy to eat and made it seem as if they could not afford to pay a butcher.   
Cooked crabmeat , picked from the shell , is also available in the Pacific Coast region , and this is the most common way to sell crab in the East . One pound  serves  4 persons .   
"They'll bend over backwards to make sure principal isn't lost." Guardians face a tough time accounting for "every glass of milk and one-quarter of the potatoes you  serve  at dinner," says Mr. Norden, the New York lawyer.   
Slowly braise the carrots until they are tender . Drain and add to the hot consomme just before  serving  .   
When you use a timer well, it keeps the whole situation under control for you. Don't forget that it's exceedingly important to  serve  hot food on hot plates and cold food on cold plates.   
They had approached in the night , but had made no move to attack . The crew  served  breakfast brought by the guerrillas : flat Arabian bread , sheep cheese , hard-boiled eggs and tea .   
Part of this is the strength of what might most generously be called traditional Italian carefulness. With the Common Market, a river of butter could flow down to Italy from France, Germany or Holland, but Italians still often  serve  bread and rolls without butter.   
Try Grand Marnier, kirsch, cognac, Cointreau or Benedictine.  Serve  melon slices (honeydew or casaba are best) topped with a scoop of lemon or lime ice.   
Make a stay-put paste of prepared mustard, quince jam, powdered clove, dill seeds and dill weeds and cornmeal to spread on a small ham before it goes into the oven. Join Apples and Caraway  Serve  little side dishes of caraway seeds with baked apples.   
Just before done add a dash or two of wine vinegar. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and  serve  hot or cold as a relish with broiled meats.   
Add soy sauce and pepper and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and  serve  piping hot. Serves 4 .   
Merewether was tempted for a moment to make some sort of maudlin speech about departed shipmates, then decided the truest appreciation of Jackson would be shown by an issue of rum. "Mr. Davis, you may  serve  out a ration of spirits to all hands.   
Chill thoroughly.  Serve  with a spoonful of sour cream in each portion.   
There we sat on the ground with the Bedouin men and accepted coffee scented with pungent cardamom, and sweet tea. The man named Omir smiled and said: " We  serve  the coffee first, and then the tea, because life is mostly bitter, a little sweet."   
Ike, the bald, round-faced owner, bartender, chef and bouncer combined, looked at Clay-Boy with surprise and displeasure. "You know I can't  serve  you, Clay-Boy," complained Ike.   
If the vote is close , we might have helped put our side over . " At six o'clock the women  served  dinner to the refugees .   
Pour this over the cooked, drained cauliflower and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cauliflower Hollandaise:  Serve  hot cauliflower with Hollandaise Sauce (page 111, v4).   
Add 2 tablespoons of the soup liquid . Just before  serving  , divide this mixture among the bowls of hot soup and sprinkle with grated cheese . Serves 6 .   
Some guests may like espresso, others the usual demi-tasse. This is usually an adult get-together, but until it is time to say goodnight, the children might greet the guests,  serve  the coffee, or replenish supplies on the buffet table.   
Remove from oven with two pot holders.  Serve  very hot.   
Slowly stir into remaining soup .  Serves  4 .   
Add the remaining ingredients and continue simmering for about 30 minutes .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Season with salt and pepper and add cayenne .  Serves  6 .   
Stand the roll of cookies on edge on a plate or small platter as you do this and finish by spreading whipped cream over the roll thus made . Place in the refrigerator for at least four hours before  serving  . Cut the roll for serving at an angle so that each slice consists of stripes of cream and ginger . Serves 4 -- 6 .   
This can be done after the roast is removed from the oven and while it is standing to let the juices settle.  Serve  the pudding cut in squares.   
But later he has a fine chance, after he is born, to get even with her. Just when she most wishes the new baby would stay asleep and be quiet so that she can be free to  serve  supper to the rest of the family, the baby awakes.   
In my opinion , this is the most delicious cut of pork and the most versatile . Just the thought of spareribs , broiled over charcoal or in the broiler and  served  with a pungent sauce makes me ravenously hungry .   
People had to get rid of them somehow. Well into the new year, they were  served  in every conceivable form to aspiring priests, nuns and brothers who, under the then strict and unquestionable rule of obedience, had no choice but to eat them.   
Enter the room where the party is being held calling, " Sandwiches, ice cold drinks! " For dessert  serve  ice-cream bars and cup cakes, with candy clown faces in the icing.   
Garnish with olives, pimientos, tomato quarters, stuffed eggs or any cold food you choose.  Serve  with mayonnaise.   
I'll make sure he goes , " said Mitrah , picking up her handbag and following him out . She gave him his advance and more besides and hid him in the garage for supper had not yet been  served  .   
It was too early to actually meet them so once they got to their destination , a friendly little community on the outskirts of the city , LePeters and Ellen Rosenberg took up a position behind a hedge , the one where an old man had once jumped out and traumatically snapped her panties . Peering out in the moonlight , LePeters first saw an elderly gentleman relaxing in a reclining chair while a stocky woman  served  him what appeared to be bowls of stew .   
She was a thin , laconic woman with black , cold eyes who never said a word to me without trembling slightly . Today she  served  my food with a shy and sympathetic smile .   
Voracious throughout youth , it demands and gets food almost constantly . Parents hunt most of the day for large insects , frogs , reptiles , and even the young of smaller birds , which they pluck as naked as supermarket chickens before  serving  .   
Classes are held in cabins which duplicate the interiors of all aircraft used by the airline. Here trainees  serve  complete meals in practice sessions that are videotaped for subsequent step-by-step review.   
Garnish with thin lemon slices sprinkled with chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
During the day , bedrolls are stored on a shelf located near the ceiling along one side of the tiny room . At mealtimes the family will sit around a common piece of meat  served  on a plank , and each diner will whittle off chunks to suit his individual taste .   
Next to getting your own breakfast , Sunday brunch is the easiest meal you can prepare . It's  served  late enough in the morning to give you plenty of relaxed preparation time .   
If soup is too thick, add a little more beef stock. Add parsley and  serve . Serves 6 to 8 .   
Slice the meat and chicken . Arrange on  serving  platter along with the garbanzos and other ingredients , and serve as the main course . Serves 4 to 6 .   
About 1-1/4 hours before the casserole is done, put 4 baking potatoes, well scrubbed and greased, in the oven to cook.  Serve  this pork and sauerkraut casserole with the baked potatoes, some pungent pickles and a light, pleasant dessert, such as Creme Brulee.   
Prepare boiled asparagus and let it cool. Chill in the refrigerator and  serve  with mayonnaise.   
Murree Brewery Co.  serves  some of the tastiest beer in Asia, but it has a problem: The government of Pakistan threatens to flog its customers.   
If desired , garnish each  serving  with cheese croutons . Serves 6 to 8 .   
Simmer for 15 minutes or until the kidney slices are tender.  Serve  with boiled potatoes.   
Salt to taste, rinse the pan with 1/3 cup cognac and pour over the steaks.  Serve  with crisp sauteed potatoes. With mushrooms: Prepare the hamburgers as above and serve heaped with mushrooms sauteed in butter and seasoned with salt and pepper, chopped chives and chopped parsley.   
Refrigerate overnight, or for day or two. Unmold and  serve  with shredded horseradish mixed with sour cream and seasoned to taste.   
Variation: Use half strawberries and half rhubarb. Strawberries, bright red and dripping with juice, are wonderful any way you  serve  them.   
Razor Clams: Dip shucked, cleaned razor clams in egg, then in crumbs, and brown in butter on both sides. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with lemon wedges.   
Also a splendid dessert soup .  Serves  6 .   
Your main course is what is known as a " short order " one it has to be finished off at the last minute. Therefore it is much easier for you to  serve  the fruit as dessert in this instance.   
Add the dressing to the lettuce greens and toss together until everything is well moistened.  Serve  on individual salad plates.   
Chill.  Serve  with an ice cube in each soup plate. Serves 10 to 12 .   
The table was centered with a valentine tree ( page 46 ) and each place was marked with a valentine nut-cup place card . Jane  served  strawberry flavored fruit gelatine , crowned with whipped cream , heart-shaped sandwiches , heart decorated cake , and ice cream .   
Every class except the kindergarten class made Christmas cookies, apple sauce, and bread pudding. The children hope to make cakes, and even prepare and  serve  a meal.   
We had some customers call and say they had stopped visiting us because they did not want to support a gun runner." On Valentine's Day, the restaurant  served  its last enchilada.   
This should take not more than about 2 minutes to a side, otherwise the fish will be dry and overcooked.  Serve  at once on a hot platter with lemon wedges and parsley sprigs. Serves 4 .   
With Curry Sauce: Make a Cream Curry Sauce (page 111, v4) and fold the crabmeat into the sauce with 1/2 cup of chopped toasted almonds.  Serve  on rice and accompany with a good chutney.   
" Why , Dylan , " Sybilla said , gripping his hand , " I didn't know you felt like that . " " Dinner , " announced the hostess , making a mock curtsy like a theatrical maid , " is  served  . "   
Season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove meatballs from the oven, pour gravy over them, and  serve . Serve very hot with boiled potatoes, cucumber salad (page 111), and lingonberries.   
Add parsley , salt , pepper and nutmeg .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
When Jay and I were ushered into our room and found comfortable beds with light-blue sheets , with a proper toilet just down the corridor , although you did have to leap over a few tree limbs to get there , I was even surer that this was a tourist trap , however world-known . The hostess put her head inside our door to invite , " Tea is being  served  on the roof .   
Stir in cooked wheat with ground poppy seeds.  Serve  cold topped with chopped nuts.   
Cover again and continue simmering until the vegetables are tender and the meat is done.  Serve  as you do Braised Beef, Bordeaux Fashion (see page 232). Cold Braised Beef, a la Mode: To serve the above dish cold, remove the meat from the broth when it is done and trim off the ragged edges and excess fat.   
Season to taste with salt, freshly ground black pepper and paprika. Remove them to hot plates and  serve  with lemon quarters, broiled tomatoes and spaghetti dressed with butter and grated cheese.   
At the Raffles Hotel , the management perfected a blackout for its large ballroom , and the orchestra provided music for dancing from eight to midnight . The Swimming Club remained a popular center , and food was still  served  on its broad veranda .   
With these interpreters , the captain and the mate made their way to the town of Sonho , where they were kept waiting in the usual way . They were received by the King , to whom they presented six yards of chintz , in return for which he had a chicken killed and  served  up on a dirty pewter platter .   
Food-stamp and other food and nutrition programs for which Congress appropriated $19.7 billion in the current year, would be cut only slightly. Cuts would be accomplished mostly by a new attempt to eliminate federal subsidies for meals  served  to school children from families whose incomes are well above the poverty level.   
Stir in heavy cream, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.  Serve  with rice or fried toast.   
Please don't take the time to change. " When Catherine got to the table, Than was explaining to Kent that Edward had decided it was too late to  serve  the meal he had planned.   
Food. If you are having an evening party,  serve  only the jack-o'-lantern sandwiches, witches' brew, and the doughnuts from the centerpiece. Serve buffet style.   
Chill . Garnish each  serving  with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of grated lemon rind . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Cook as above. Holstein:  Serve  the scallops with a ring of anchovy and a fried egg on top of each one. With this scallop dish serve crisp fried potatoes and braised cabbage.   
The whole period was a dim phase for me , lit with brief flashes of insight into incidentals that did not personally concern me . I went about the trivial business of the day , planned meals , shopped for and prepared them ,  served  them and saw to their clearing away .   
" We sailed from Kiel at 1400 . The farewell party had been brief , and the traditional last dinner was a mere shadow of the Lucullan meals that had been  served  on such occasions in the past .   
Los Angeles Times One hot afternoon little Peter was having a party to celebrate his fourth birthday . His mother  served  ice-cold lemonade and cookies .   
Then add the sliced ripe olives, the capers and the chopped parsley.  Serve  this tongue in tomato sauce with crusty sauteed potatoes and pureed spinach dressed with plenty of butter.   
Run under the broiler flame for a few minutes to melt the sugar.  Serve  while very hot.   
Party Stew: Brown 1/2 pound of mushrooms with the meat and use red wine for half of the liquid.  Serve  with plenty of chopped green parsley heaped on top.   
Few passengers will be unfortunate enough to see how a flight attendant can evacuate a planeload of passengers in 90 seconds. But air travelers' impressions of an airline hinge in large part on the cabin crew's ability to  serve  food and drink with efficiency and aplomb.   
The gold-mines index fell 5.1, to 324.7. Brewers soared early in the day on news that restaurants will be allowed to  serve  alcohol all afternoon.   
Remove the apricots and cook the liquid down a bit. Pour it over the fruit and  serve  warm or cold. You may serve this with whipped cream or a custard sauce, if you wish.   
The fish is done when it flakes easily. Remove the cooked fish, foil and all, to a platter and  serve  with Parsley Butter, Lemon Butter or Hollandaise Sauce (see Sauces).   
Season with salt and pepper.  Serve  garnished with croutons. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Garnish with fresh strawberry slices .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Since so much of life is spent outdoors at Christmastime , turkey cooked Japanese style , teriyaki , over a pit or barbecue , has become a leading favorite . " It is very good sliced and  served  in buns , " reports the wife of a Hawaiian Senator .   
Fourteen inches of snow , roads closed , no planes leaving Kennedy ... He had one terrible time getting to a phone to call Carole . He told her , " They are showing movies , and  serving  meals in some of the stranded planes .   
The Schmoll family and Claude's parents were sitting in the dining room . Coffee had been  served  .   
Sparkling wines can generally go through any meal . Rose wines aso fit in with most dishes , but since they are generally  served  cold , go best with light meals and salads .   
Drain them well, season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and pour melted butter over them. Creamed:  Serve  with a Rich Cream Sauce (page 111, v4).   
In some cases your parents must get tickets in advance, and they must always plan for transportation. Sometimes you can  serve  refreshments at home, before the show or game, especially if you have reserved seats.   
When you know you're going to use it for dessert, put a jar in the refrigerator in the morning to be sure it will be nice and cold at dinner time. If your family likes it that way,  serve  light cream or half-and-half to pour over it.   
Pour the Vinaigrette Sauce (page 111, v4) over them and let them stand for 1 or 2 hours; turn the beans frequently to be sure they are thoroughly bathed in the sauce.  Serve  with mayonnaise.   
Taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary .  Serves  6 .   
Broil about 3/4 of an hour, turning once.  Serve  rare.   
Be sure to turn off the heat , because further cooking will toughen the clams . Just before  serving  , add 4 tablespoons butter and the hot milk-cream .   
T-bone: This is actually a porterhouse cut from the small end of the loin. Being not as large around, it is a good choice if you wish to  serve  individual steaks.   
A 1-inch-thick hamburger would take about 6 minutes on each side, for rare.  Serve  hamburger patties with crisp fried potatoes, potato chips, sliced beefsteak tomatoes or sliced onion. They make ideal indoor or outdoor food and are delicious served with cold beer .   
Garnish with Duxelles or sliced cooked mushrooms.  Serve  cut in wedges.   
The rates are as follows : One in a room , $8^50 , two in a room , $12^50 , three in a room , $5^00 each . The banquet dinner will be  served  at noon , Thursday , which will close the conference .   
Turn often to be sure all the stalks are well bathed. Let them soak for 2 hours, then drain and  serve  with mayonnaise.   
Remove from the oven with two pot holders.  Serve  at once on individual plates (a doily under each shell will keep them from sliding on the plates). Serve with lemon wedges and buttered toast, cut diagonally across.   
" We should all eat , " Fernando said . " Pilar , what passes that we are not  served  ? "   
Since then , prices in the cafe have gone up , but the clientele does not change . Finally a sign appears in the window : " We're not rascist , but we are no longer  serving  blacks . "   
And yet I had a half-lingering terror that she might not be dead after all , but re-arisen in the body of some descendant . Felipe  served  my meals in my own apartment ; and his resemblance to the portrait haunted me .   
Garnish with croutons and minced parsley .  Serves  4 .   
Allow 1 per person and grill according to the timetable above.  Serve  with stuffed baked potatoes and cole slaw.   
Serbians and Armenians like to add a sauce of yoghurt and mashed garlic . This is spread on top of the sarma when it is  served  . Serves 8 to 10 .   
Continue cooking for another 5 minutes , but do not let boil .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Set the cups on cookie sheet and slip under broiler for a moment to brown the cream and cheese .  Serves  6 .   
When the repast was concluded , a jug of hot water was placed before Sir Pitt , with a case-bottle containing , I believe , rum . Mr Horrocks  served  myself and my pupils with three little glasses of wine , and a bumper was poured out for my lady .   
They were also favorites of the Italians and Mexicans and may be prepared in various ways . A delicious way of  serving  dried figs is as follows : put 1 pound of dried figs in a pot with 1 tablespoon strained lemon juice and water just to cover .   
A similar horse prejudice is more local to the United States , but still powerful . The Harvard Faculty Club started  serving  horse steaks during the Second World War , and as far as I know still serves them on certain days .   
See suggestions under Cheese Hors d'Oeuvre, page 11, and Caviar, page 11.  Serve  any of the Vegetables a la Grecque suggested in the Salad chapter, page 111, v4. Serve on thin slices of bread with mayonnaise, or serve on individual plates.   
Continue cooking until the meat and fowl are tender ; this will take about 1 more hour . One half hour before  serving  add potatoes with their skins left on , a quartered head of cabbage and 6 carrots .   
Add rice and dumplings and heat only long enough to warm both sufficiently. To  serve , sprinkle with parsley. Serves 10 to 12 as main course.   
Twice since the accident , he'd felt it expedient to accept her invitation for " a chat at my little place . " In her basement apartment , with steampipes knocking and gurgling overhead , she'd  served  him tea in a cup of heirloom china .   
On the farms and in the country food was plentiful , if limited in variety , but in the cities the upper strata of society never spared the local chefs when entertaining governors , traveling dignitaries , or military heroes . Some of the dishes  served  sound bizarre today , but it would have been a strange man indeed who could not have found something to his liking in the menus of the day .   
Slip dish into dg350 oven for 1 hour; turn chicken occasionally.  Serve  with rice.   
When dining in a restaurant where the host has no personal knowledge of the wines it is safest to rely on the following rules in consultation with the wine butler.  Serve  dry wine (red or white) before an obviously sweet wine. Other things being equal, serve a white wine before a red, because its appeal is more direct and it prepares the palate for the more subtle flavour of the red wine to follow.   
Season to taste with salt and pepper and sprinkle with chopped parsley.  Serve  with lemon wedges.   
Place in a covered casserole . If to be  served  almost at once , keep warm in a 350 degree oven .   
The fare at Amritsar, though suitably humble, was abundant. Sikh sewadars helpers carried tons of wheat, potatoes, cereal, and halwa a sweet from huge iron caldrons to  serve  all comers on leaf plates.   
If from casserole, let initial steam die down. Then put huge globs of sour cream over all and  serve . (Do not put on cream until all heating is completed, as cream will melt.)   
Add 1/2 pound of mushrooms sauteed in butter.  Serve  this creamed chicken over biscuit (page 11, v1) or cornbread made from a mix.   
Mix with 3 tablespoons of chopped green pepper, 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons of chopped chives and French dressing.  Serve  in a large bowl lined with romaine.   
They were tired when they returned to the school , with no energy left to do anything about their personal problems . When Sharon had  served  him his late supper , she sat down beside him and talked with him while he ate .   
Try them with a good sauce, and I'm sure you'll be delightfully surprised. One veal kidney will  serve  one person.   
Under the eye of a nursing sister , plump infants were being stuffed chockablock with scrambled eggs and tomato , followed by pineapple and custard , plus a mug of milk . Two other meals of these dimensions are  served  every day , with meat at one of them at least ; no wonder the babies are as podgy as little bears .   
This is a very thick soup .  Serve  with grated cheese to be sprinkled on each serving . Serves 8 .   
Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.  Serve  these sauteed peppers with steak or other broiled meats.   
Who was the blundering idiot who said that " fine words butter no parsnips " ? Half the parsnips of society are  served  and rendered palatable with no other sauce .   
When the meat reaches dg150, remove it to a hot platter and surround it with mounds of cooked spinach.  Serve  with mashed potatoes and the following Caper Sauce: Caper Sauce: Melt 3 tablespoons of butter and blend in three tablespoons of flour.   
Put a few avocado slices in each soup plate before filling with hot soup .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Add 3 green peppers cut in strips and 1 cup of pitted ripe olives.  Serve  with garlic bread and a salad of avocado, orange and onion slices.   
Among the favorite soups are chicken corn soup with noodles ( " plenty of stuff " ) , rivel soup , and pretzel soup ( otherwise known as Shdreis'l soup ) . The directions for this last one call for heating a bowl of milk for each person to be  served  , adding a small lump of butter , and serving .   
" Yes , Miss Beauchamp ? " " First of all , Than , Mr. Kent would like cocktails  served  in the living room again this evening . "   
The Whisky a Go Go , once an important center for West Coast rock and one of the few places on the Strip to survive this legal maneuver , tried several solutions , in series . First , it continued  serving  liquor and put minors on benches in the balcony , but the young customers , who wanted to dance , went elsewhere . Then it stopped serving liquor and raised its admission price from two dollars to three ; the minors came back , but the attractive liquor profits were lost .   
Add a little sugar to give them a nice brown glaze.  Serve  this Pot au Feu in the French manner in large soup plates, giving each person some broth, meat, vegetables and onions.   
Peel off the shell (it comes off easily), rinse off the grit and with a sharp-pointed knife remove the black vein down the back. If you plan to  serve  the shrimp as appetizers to be eaten with the fingers, leave on the tails.   
Bring to the table blazing.  Serve  poached apricots (see above) with any of the suggested flavorings, or serve plain over vanilla ice cream.   
Then break them into bowls, add a good dab of butter and let each person season his own to taste. Or you can  serve  them English fashion in egg cups, the large end up.   
Run under the broiler flame to melt the cheese and brown lightly. Celeriac Hollandaise:  Serve  cooked celeriac with Hollandaise Sauce (page 111, v4).   
Hastily you survey the pieces getting ready to extricate the biggest for yourself. At that moment some smiling grownup says sweetly, " Remember, you always  serve  your guests first, and you give the biggest pieces to them.   
When the housewife buys it , all that remains for her to do is pop it back into the oven again for a few minutes and , presto ! a steaming hot turkey dinner is ready for the table . Each TV dinner  serves  only one person , of course .   
Could she " whip up " something for them? Mrs. Crawshaw decided to  serve  her favorite dish, a sure-fire chicken recipe handed down from her grandmother. The only problem was that the recipe she usually used served eight , and tonight she would be feeding eleven .   
Garnish each  serving  with a dollop of whipped cream and 2 or 3 tiny mint leaves . Serves 2 to 4 .   
You will let the old shanty go to rot , the white people's clothes turn to dust , and the Calvary Baptist Church sink to the bottomless pit . You will spend your days forgetting you married me and your nights hunting the warm gin Mike  serves  the ladies in the rear of the Last Chance Saloon .   
Brussels sprouts have been maligned by people who have only encountered them cooked to a gray mush. Cook them until just tender and  serve  them up still bright green.   
You may thicken the sauce with a few tablespoons of tomato paste , or , if you prefer , add small balls of butter and flour mixed together ( see instructions under Beurre Manie , page 111 ) . Just before  serving  , add the chutney .   
Garnish with chopped parsley and crumbled crisp bacon .  Serves  4 .   
Roast sheep , pigeons and fowls were piled on the dishes to the height of a man , and , as in Fatimid times , the tables were adorned with fantastic sculpture in sugar . Singers and dancers entertained the guests , and wine was  served  in plenty .   
Mix remaining ingredients , adding mayonnaise and seasoning to taste .  Serves  8 to 10.   
And yet the service on board was not what customers expect today on long flights . The quality of the meals and the way they were  served  was quite modest , especially on the stages of the journey that began in Moscow .   
Sybilla , cheered by the quick arrival of a loaded dinner plate , was successfully silenced for the next twenty minutes . " Why Mr. Montmorency , " Jenny's mother said as she  served  him , " you've hurt your hand . "   
Cook until hot through and mellow . Add the dash of lemon juice just before  serving  . 1 .   
" Pray tell Sir Timothy that I am very much obliged to him , and will join him directly ! " Pennymore bowed , and said : " Sir Timothy's dinner will be  served  immediately , miss .   
And cold , clear borsch makes a refreshing summer cooler in tall glass tumblers , garnished with a sprig of dill , with a lemon slice perched on the rim . I even know one hostess who  serves  hot bouillon from her samovar !   
This can be one of the most enjoyable times of the day for everyone , not just an annoying interruption to a television program . The mother , to whom dinnertime can come to be only a burdensome chore of preparing ,  serving  , and cleaning up afterwards , should try to relax as well and enjoy her food and family .   
Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a skillet and add 4 tablespoons of heavy cream. Blend the chopped spinach into this mixture, season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve .   
Garnish with almonds , green apple or mint .  Serves  3 to 4 .   
If desired , garnish with crisp buttery croutons .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
" But that's Thanksgiving . " " I believe dinner will be  served  and there's a staff party for that evening .   
Baked piragi may be frozen and reheated quite satisfactorily . Yield : approximately 2 dozen large rolls One dish likely to be  served  at Latvian holiday parties is Galerts , cold jellied pork .   
With olives: Follow the first recipe and 15 minutes before the meat is done add 1-1/2 cups of small Spanish olives. Garnish the shoulder with the olives and  serve  the strained sauce, thickened or not, separately.   
If desired , garnish with chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  4 .   
Then cook the vegetables separately.  Serve  mustard sauce for the meat and plenty of butter for the vegetables.   
When done , remove from fire and add flavoring . This sauce can be made quickly just before  serving  cake ; or , it can be made in advance , removed from water and covered , then very carefully reheated for serving . Serves 8 or more .   
Season to taste with salt and pepper .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
As a rule, boys and girls care more about winning that they do about prizes. Take into consideration your home and your family when you plan what to  serve  for refreshments, where to serve, and how to serve.   
Abdul loved parties . He was very status-conscious , and the dishes he  served  depended strictly on the rank of the guests .   
This should take about 15 minutes. Discard the lettuce, season the peas with salt and pepper and  serve  piping hot.   
He was leaving sometime the next day for America , after a long sojourn in Africa . Madame Sine , wife of the French cartoonist in whose home we were shooting ,  served  tea at 4:00 A.M.   
Stir in 1/2 cup milk and heat until thoroughly warmed , but do not boil . This should be  served  immediately , so bread cubes retain most of their crispness .   
Ducks are easier to carve by cutting them into halves or quarters with poultry shears; they do not slice well.  Serve  each person a half or quarter and with it, rice, wild rice or barley.   
So they went off in another direction . Different nationalities disagree on how kutya should look , and how it should be  served  .   
Jim Gerrard Cocktails ? Texas liquor laws prohibit the  serving  of mixed drinks except in private clubs .   
I belong to the Professional Club that's only two blocks away. They  serve  a very good pot roast on Monday.   
Pour into individual dishes.  Serve  cold.   
However , it is so delicate when made with vegetable stock that we recommend it . Amount given  serves  8 to 10 .   
Drain on a paper towel and place in a baking pan in a dg200 oven until the toast is ready. Then  serve  with the toast.Trim the crusts from bread, allowing at least two slices per person.   
Afterwards , pictures were taken of the King and Queen , the court , and the seniors . After the coronation , live musical entertainment was provided while refreshments , consisting of punch , cookies , mints , and nuts , were  served  to everyone .   
Garnish with croutons .  Serves  6 .   
With herbs and cream: Just before the mushrooms are done, add 1 tablespoon of chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon of chopped chives (or tops of green onion) and 1/4 cup of heavy cream. Heat through, season to taste and  serve  on buttered toast.   
Stir in the bread crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper.  Serve  from the casserole. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Sprinkle with parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Stir into the soup and continue stirring until the eggs are set .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Remove the meat to a hot platter, add 1 cup of the marinade to the pan and bring it to a boil.  Serve  this sauce with the roast, and with it also serve sauteed potatoes, buttered turnips mixed with sauteed mushrooms, watercress and a good red wine.   
Arthur Wise, a Rand Corp. expert, says principals' turf fears are unfounded; he says they have too many duties as it is. THE CHECKOFF: Managers at Lawson Products Inc., Des Plaines, Ill., will  serve  a catered lunch to 350 headquarters employees on May 1 to express appreciation of their efforts throughout the year. . . .   
So some of the big ones are unexpected establishments in some unlikely places : In Detroit , Joe Muer's , a seafood place , and the London Chop House , specializing in Continental cuisine . In Milwaukee , two German eateries , Mader's and Karl Ratzsch's , and a hybrid , Frenchy's ,  serving  steak and seafood .   
But your big question there is : Did the students want that of him ? Wouldn't they have come to his house , and no beer  served  ?   
At their best , they are ripe , aged and have a sharp tang . They can be  served  plain or spread on toast fingers , or made into sandwiches with raw onion slices .   
Remove from the oven and let cool. Then  serve .   
Cook beans according to package directions . When drained , put back into the pot in which they were cooked with a good hunk of butter and sizzle briefly before  serving  . Serves 4 -- 6 .   
Line the broiler pan with foil and place it under the rack to catch the drippings.  Serve  broiled whole fish with parsley butter and lemon wedges.   
Garnish with a sprinkling of snipped chives .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Buses seem to come in only two basic types wonderful and terrible. The " wonderfuls " have restrooms, air conditioning, individual radios, and sometimes airline-type stewardesses who  serve  you free snacks and drinks.   
Or sprinkle the broth generously with grated Parmesan.  Serve  fish separately. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Then put them in the broiler to brown to a crisp on both sides. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with sauteed potatoes.   
Top with the grated cheese , sprinkle with the bacon bits and cover tightly for a minute to let the cheese melt . A rich clam sauce may be  served  over spaghetti , noodles or rice .   
Lutfisk is white fish that has been soaked in lye several weeks , then boiled . It is  served  with melted butter or white sauce .   
Suggested accompaniments : Sauteed potatoes or Lyonnaise Potatoes , sliced tomatoes and raw onions dressed with oil and vinegar and seasoned with a dash of oregano . Note : Leftover steak is delicious  served  in thin slices on toast .   
Add a little cognac, kirsch or Grand Marnier and let them stand to mellow. When you are ready to  serve , cover the berries with a thick layer of whipped cream.   
" A poor man's wife , " Rebecca replied gaily , " must make herself useful , you know " : on which her brother-in-law vowed that " she was fit to be the wife of an emperor , and that to be skilful in domestic duties was surely one of the most charming of woman's qualities . " And Sir Pitt thought , with something like mortification , of Lady Jane at home , and of a certain pie which she had insisted upon making , and  serving  to him at dinner a most abominable pie .   
Form the corned beef hash into patties and fry in butter or bacon fat until cooked through and browned on both sides.  Serve  with Hashed Brown Potatoes and Scrambled Eggs.   
A little too plump , she and her husband were solid citizens . The English she used was dreadful , and she cooked green beans in bacon grease and salt instead of  serving  them in sour cream sauce .   
Variation: Broil the bones under a low flame until crispy and brown.  Serve  with Sauce Diable.   
You will find enough variety to arrange a large and hearty spread for a big cocktail party . If you are  serving  hors d'oeuvre to be followed by dinner , keep your dinner menu in mind when you plan the hors d'oeuvre . If you are having a rich, heavy dinner, don't serve a rich, filling appetizer.   
It tastes of celery and goes well in mixed vegetables and as flavoring in soups , stews and chowders . Lovage roots and leaf stalks may be cooked and  served  cold as a salad with oil and vinegar dressings .   
In a Dallas restaurant, an impatient waiter rolled his eyes at me when I asked that butter be kept off my fish. He also insisted that the broccoli had to be  served  with butter because it was already prepared that way.   
Garnished: You may add any garnishes you choose to the chicken as you arrange it in the mold: olives, sliced hard-cooked egg, strips of pimiento, green pepper rings, cooked vegetables (string beans, carrot rounds, canned whole mushrooms), sliced onion or radishes.  Serve  from the mold or turn out on a bed of greens and pass a bowl of well-seasoned mayonnaise.   
Again in that heaven on wheels the table was set . Dinner was  served  .   
They should be well browned and crisp.  Serve  with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut.   
The candy must be eaten and the money spent before that day is ended to honor the memory of the parent . Usually , also , a nine-course Chinese banquet will be  served  to all the mourners when the funeral is over .   
Add tomatoes and allow them to cook down with the vegetables until the mixture is thick and well blended.  Serve  hot, or chilled, with additional oil and lemon juice.   
Dress with plenty of butter, some fresh crushed garlic and a handful of chopped parsley. With the roast lamb and beans  serve  plain watercress of crisp celery and a chilled bottle of rose wine.   
The firm's president promised his cooperation and I got an assignment from the magazine supplement of the former New York Herald Tribune. The article was featured on the front cover, with the title, " 2,848 Ways to  Serve  Ham."   
This deserved further investigation . He invited the two young men to his cabin where Sangh  served  tea .   
Slowly add a little of the hot soup to egg mixture, beating constantly. Gradually return to soup in kettle, and  serve  at once.   
Sprinkle the top with 2 tablespoons slivered blanched almonds. Return to refrigerator until ready to  serve  but not for too long. Prepare just before dinner is to be served .   
The only name the chef could give was " chop suey , " which in Cantonese means " odds and ends . " Soon , they tell us , all the Chinese restaurants  served  chop suey for the Americans .   
Cook over low heat for 10 minutes.  Serve  with a dollop of whipped cream, if desired. 32Serves 6 to 8 .   
Arrange on a  serving  plate and garnish with lemon wedges. Serve with toast strips.   
Garnish with the custard shapes and sprinkle with grated orange peel .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Garnish with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Roast a loin of pork as above and let it cool to room temperature without chilling.  Serve  cut in thin slices with Mustard Mayonnaise (page 111, v4), French Potato Salad and Glazed Apple Rings.   
For the Lenten meal only vegetable fat is allowed . Those who are not fasting will enjoy it when made with bacon or pork and  served  with sour cream .   
Indeed , who is there that walks London streets but can point out a half-dozen of men riding by him splendidly , while he is on foot ; courted by fashion , bowed into their carriages by tradesmen , denying themselves nothing , and living on who knows what ? We see Jack Thriftless prancing in the Park or darting in his brougham , down Pall Mall : we eat his dinners  served  on his miraculous plate .   
Sometimes it is wise to feed the little ones early and let them join the family at the table just for dessert .  Serving  the first course in the living room is one way to vary daily routine , and really isn't any more trouble .   
Grandfather had stopped his pacing now, and stood squarely in front of Grandmother's chair. " Agnes, go and tell them girls to  serve  up the dinner now.   
Crack the claws so that meat may be easily extracted, and break the bodies into halves or quarters. Arrange the cracked crab on a bed of ice and  serve  with lemon wedges and mayonnaise for dipping.   
" Did you like it , Pilar ? " he asked finally with his mouth full of roast young goat . We were eating at the inn from where the busses leave and the room was crowded and people were singing and there was difficulty  serving  . "   
Release the spring-form catch and remove the ring. Place the cheesecake on a large cake plate and  serve  with a knife and pie server.   
Keep it cold. When ready to  serve , heap it in a glass bowl resting on a bed of ice. Serve simply with toast fingers or thin slices of dark bread lightly buttered and cut into fingers.   
" Florabel Muir in New York Daily News The fierce competition between London newspapers is illustrated by the cable sent from the Daily Express to its Congo correspondent during the uprising : " Today's Daily Mail reports their correspondent shot at yesterday stop Why you not shot at ? " Richard West , The White Tribes of Africa ( Macmillan ) Social note from the San Diego Union : " The cake was  served  by Miss Rebecca Schwinn .   
The Thanksgiving turkey was a special treat because it was available only during its season, and the Christmas orange was once an expensive rarity. Today, with flourishing turkey farms and quick-freezing a housewife can  serve  turkey whenever she likes, and oranges are piled high in every supermarket and appear in some form at many tables regularly.   
Season with salt and pepper , and add parsley and a pinch of thyme .  Serves  6 .   
It was almost a ritual , as I think of it now . Coffee was always  served  in the best room in the house and the good coffee cups were used .   
Fill with hot soup and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
A Scandinavian Smorgasbord offers one of the easiest ways to entertain deliciously. Guests  serve  themselves, as at any buffet arrangement.   
It will keep satisfactorily for a month or more refrigerated , but gains nothing with aging . It can be  served  immediately after cooking , or reheated in the same manner as the foregoing pudding .   
Some reindeer were over a foot long . Even doughnuts , seldom if ever  served  at any other time of year , were cut in elaborate designs .   
This will take 35 to 40 minutes.  Serve  plain roast squab or broiled squab cold for an elegant picnic.   
This is a thick soup, but add more hot water during cooking, if necessary. Taste for seasoning, add parsley and  serve . Serves 4 .   
The Cellar Door offers the best in smoked cookery amid a red plush Victorian-Western atmosphere. If bar-b-que is your bag, you won't find better than they  serve  at the Cellar Doors.   
General Loewenhielm , who was to dominate the conversation of the dinner table , related how the Dean's collection of sermons was a favorite book of the Queen's . But as a new dish was  served  he was silenced .   
It wilts if it stands too long. Just before ready to  serve , break the greens into bite-size pieces and put them in a salad bowl.   
This makes 8 to 10 slices of elegant dessert. A cold winter evening is just the time to  serve  a rich homemade gingerbread, steaming hot and heaped with whipped cream!   
Pour over the steak . Suggested accompaniments : This is especially good  served  with buttered Spaetzle ( page 275 ) .   
Remove bay leaf and bones. Cut the meat into small pieces and  serve  in the soup. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Great favorites are: Dutch Edam is the round red cheese from Holland. To  serve : cut a slice from the top and dig the cheese out with a cheese knife. All cheese eaten plain should be served at room temperature .   
I thought it was stupid for us to have drawers and a closet in the room but not be allowed any clothes . After dressing we were marched to the cafeteria , where we were  served  powdered milk and eggs for breakfast .   
Stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper .  Serves  2 to 4 .   
From it extended narrow strips of carrots , like rays of the sun. " Sunlight orange juice to drink , " remarked Mother . For dessert Jim  served  heavenly star-shaped cookies , which he had baked , and very earthly ice cream .   
Add croutons last and mix lightly.  Serve  immediately.   
Refrigerate. Break into bite-sized pieces to  serve .   
Makes 12 cups.  Serve  this meal in buffet fashion, the stew in a big bowl or a tureen, together with the pilot biscuits on their plate and the soup plates.   
Chill several hours or overnight in refrigerator .  Serves  6 .   
With corned pork or tongue: Cook the corned beef with corned pork or corned tongue. Cook the vegetables separately and  serve  as above.   
Fill the center with any seafood salad (page 111), using 1/3 to 1/2 cup per artichoke. Press back into shape and  serve  with additional mayonnaise.   
Fry to deep brown on each side.  Serve  hot with chosen garnish.   
Remove chicken from oven to the heated  serving  platter. Garnish with crisp bacon strips, and serve with heated cream sauce.   
The Maccabean latkes would have been quite different from those made from the following recipe because potatoes were not introduced to Palestine until after the discovery of America . Latkes are  served  with a variety of garnishes applesauce , dried-apricot puree , or powdered sugar , with cream cheese or sour cream .   
In its short life, Sunrise took a fast track, spurning traditional residential mortgage lending in favor of risky commercial real estate loans. The thrift gathered deposits primarily from Florida retirees, who were drawn to its high interest rates and personalized service, which included  serving  bagels and coffee.   
"They're on an ego trip. What really bothered me (during a visit) was that they had a brigadier general  serve  me a cup of coffee," complains George Kachajian, a New Jersey businessman whose efforts to sell to Eastern bloc countries has been tangled in red tape for nearly three years.   
Add potatoes and simmer for 30 minutes more, or until tender. Cut the meat in small pieces and  serve  in the soup. Serves 4 to 6 .   
" She joined the others in putting away the things that were in the pile . " Refreshments are  served  in the Witches' Den , " she called as she led the group into the dining room .   
With onion: Add a grated onion to the butter before you put it on the spinach.  Serve  garnished with sliced hard-cooked egg and 1 teaspoon of dried tarragon, or 1 tablespoon of fresh tarragon. Dress the spinach with this herbed butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper, and serve it with lemon quarters. Chopped : Chop the spinach coarsely before seasoning and serving Creamed 1 : Chop the spinach coarsely .   
" Kind o ' give up on the mess house , too . Time was that she insisted that we have a lot o ' salad on little plates , and de-sert  served  in side dishes , an ' clean tablecloths and napkins evry meal .   
Eating the artichoke is fairly complicated . Because it demands the eater's undivided attention , it is usually  served  as a separate course either as a first course or immediately following the meat . If served with the meat , it should be served on a separate plate , large enough to hold all the discarded leaves .   
" When the Pest had lunch laid out on the desk , the kids were awestruck . There were ten pizzas , one of each type that Antonio's  served  .   
It was a setting for high tea , but no one would notice if a man put his feet up on a table . It was a likely place for a crap game , but no one would be surprised if a uniformed butler  served  champagne and plover's eggs .   
Taste for seasoning.  Serve  with a slice of fried bread in each soup plate, and sprinkle with grated cheese. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Remove the meat to a hot platter and pour the juices over it.  Serve  with tiny new potatoes and tiny French peas cooked with onion and mixed with bits of smoked ham and plenty of butter.   
Heat , but do not boil .  Serves  6 .   
Add the pureed mixture and heat .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Remove the lamb to a hot platter and pour the juices over it.  Serve  with steamed rice, braised cabbage (use the Chinese cabbage for this, if you can get it) and tiny white onions glazed.   
Garnish each portion with chopped parsley or a thin slice of lemon .  Serves  6 .   
His culinary skills are limited , however . For a time , he was fond of  serving  TV dinners , until the protests grew too loud and he switched to spaghetti , which he served without sauce or even butter .   
Rebottle, cover and stand in a cool place for a week. Drain, chill and  serve .   
Reduce the heat to dg400 for another 20 minutes , and then turn it down to dg350 for a final 20 minutes , or until the crust is nicely browned and the apples cooked through . Apple pie is best  served  warm . Serve it with cream, whipped cream or with a sharp cheese.   
" I had to drink half of the glass . " She also  served  him a plate of soup .   
Spread reserved chocolate mixture over the top. Chill until ready to  serve .   
If you have the party outdoors, cook hot dogs on a grill.  Serve  food from a wagon marked " Chuck Wagon."   
By now he would have told Ramon or his mother to knock it off . Mrs. Hunter  served  apple pie and milk for dessert .   
Sprinkle lightly with salt and bake as for Roast Chicken, basting occasionally with melted butter or melted butter and white wine mixed.  Serve  with Giblet Sauce (see page 111).   
Once , when just from college , and when Horrocks the butler brought him a letter without placing it previously on a tray , he gave that domestic a look , and administered to him a speech so cutting , that Horrocks ever after trembled before him : the whole household bowed to him : Lady Crawley's curl-papers came off earlier when he was at home : Sir Pitt's muddy gaiters disappeared ; and if that incorrigible old man still adhered to other old habits , he never fuddled himself with rum-and-water in his son's presence , and only talked to his servants in a very reserved and polite manner ; and those persons remarked that Sir Pitt never swore at Lady Crawley while his son was in the room . It was he who taught the butler to say , " My lady is  served  , " and who insisted on handing her ladyship in to dinner .   
" The administrator backed down and apologized . At four o'clock Sunday afternoon , tea with rum was  served  .   
And now, Mr. Van Weyden, " he said to me when he had been relieved from the wheel, " we must make these newcomers welcome.  Serve  out plenty of whiskey to the hunters and see that a few bottles slip for'ard.   
There are clouds and sunshine ( freedom , power ) . A man is being  served  by a stewardess .   
Steam as above. Strain the broth and  serve  it with the clams.   
Kasha is buckwheat groats, a popular dish in eastern Mediterranean countries. This recipe will  serve  4 persons.   
The administrator had sounded specifically interested about making some changes in the hospital . Sam drew charts ; he advanced ideas for change the  serving  of meals , the collection and handling of laundry .   
Using a pancake turner, fold the hash over and roll it out on a hot platter, crusty side up.  Serve  with poached or fried eggs.   
Sprinkle with parsley , chives or paprika .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
In Sweden , food plays a big part at funerals . Invitations are sent out and a dinner is usually  served  at a hotel . After the graveside service , relatives and friends follow the sorrowing family home and coffee and elaborate refreshments are served .   
They should be rare in the center. Spear each one with a toothpick and  serve  piping hot with a good mustard.   
Drain thoroughly, season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and dress with melted butter. With Hollandaise:  Serve  with Hollandaise Sauce (page 111, v4). Creamed: Serve with Rich Cream Sauce (page 111, v4).   
Many a gustatory delight awaits the soup fancier in the recipes of this section . This may be further enhanced by  serving  the ethnic soup with its common ethnic accompaniments .   
" The housekeeper came in carrying a tray that held a silver coffee service and four cups and saucers . Procane thanked her and then nodded at Janet Whistler who poured and  served  the coffee .   
With crumbs : For each  serving  , toss 1 tablespoon of dry bread crumbs in a saucepan with 1 tablespoon of butter . Pour the brown buttered crumbs over the tips of the asparagus just before serving .   
Brush with oil or butter and grill over charcoal or in the broiler for several minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and  serve  with steak or hamburger.   
Gradually add water and cook on top of the range, stirring constantly, until thickened and smooth.  Serve  in a gravy boat. Serves 4 .   
Stir well to blend with the pan juices and heat through, but do not let it boil or it will curdle. Pour this sauce over the chops and  serve  with mashed potatoes and Fried Apple Rings.   
Chill the soup for 24 hours . Before  serving  add 1/3 cup of heavy cream or sour cream for each cup of soup . Serve icy cold in chilled cups and top with chopped chives.   
Run under the broiler flame for a few minutes until brown and bubbly. Add cooked shrimp to the regular Curry Sauce on page 111, v4 and  serve  with rice and chutney.   
During "exam hell," the year leading up to the final test, Komaba's seniors drop out of sports and other extracurricular activities. Their mothers relentlessly pressure them to study harder, often  serving  them dinner at home at their desks.   
" Tension , " George declared . " You're not used to this kind of flying no pressure cabin , no reclining seats , no pretty stewardess  serving  martinis .   
Place them in a covered dish or wrap them in foil and keep them in the oven set on " warm. " Place the fried hamburger on the roll when it is time to  serve  refreshments.   
Press a button and we take off . Press another button and dinner is  served  .   
Garnish with thin lemon slices .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
In her scrip , she had some bread left from yesterday's lunch . Breakfast was clearly not going to be  served  on the train .   
Without a word he placed a cup and saucer and poured tea . In a few minutes he  served  fresh eggs , bacon , and soft rolls .   
Buy these in a package . Heat well before  serving  in a 425 degree oven for about 8 -- 10 minutes .   
Third : Add 1 cup chicken broth ( page 11 ) , stir it into the pan , cover , and simmer for 1/2 hour .  Serve  the chicken covered with its gravy on a heated serving platter . Serve with boiled rice (page 111).   
A bottle of wine produces about six large glasses if filled three-quarters full , as they should be . All table wines are suitable for dinner parties , although some attention to the order of  serving  and the accompanying food is desirable .   
This will take about 35 minutes.  Serve  at once or it will fall.   
Tears welled in Olivia's eyes. She had worried all day about what she would  serve  for Christmas dinner.   
Place a pat of butter in each soup plate before filling with soup , and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
To Make Fruit Sauce : Heat raspberry or strawberry juice and thicken with 1 tablespoon cornstarch per cup juice . Chill before  serving  . Serves 6 .   
Top each with a twist of lemon peel .  Serves  8 .   
Alternate stuffing : Use the stuffing given under the recipe for Stuffed Veal Shoulder ( see above ) . Cold Breast of Veal : Stuffed Breast of Veal chilled and  served  cold is a great treat on a hot summer day .   
When done, scoop out the flesh, add 4 to 6 tablespoons of melted butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and beat until smooth.  Serve  topped with crumbled bacon bits.   
Makes about 1 quart. VARIATION: Some people  serve  this soup hot, with a boiled potato in each soup plate.   
The language he spoke was Greek , but with a Cretan accent , very different from Cypriot . The barman who  served  him showed a flicker of surprise .   
Garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
When thickened, add 2 tablespoons heavy cream. Pour over kaldormar and  serve .   
Sashimi , raw fish , is very good once you are used to the taste . Another good-luck food  served  at New Year's is kuromame , black beans and chestnuts boiled in a sweet sauce .   
They are exceptionally tender and delicate in flavor but scarce and expensive. One pound of either variety will  serve  2 persons with big appetites and 3 with average capacity.   
Because of the blockade , food was scarce . Only two meals a day were  served  aboard the Patrick Henry .   
Cover and simmer over low heat for about 1 hour .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Sometimes on days when no one was staying and there wasn't much to do I'd go there to fish me and Sarah McRorty, we'd go together. Do you remember her the girl who used to help  serve  at the table?   
Add 1 cup of pitted ripe olives during the last half hour of cooking.  Serve  with Polenta (page 111, v2).   
Season with salt and pepper.  Serve  very hot. Garnish each serving with a lemon slice and a sprinkling of parsley . Serves 6 .   
It was late at night , and finding all the restaurants closed they finally stumbled on a Chinese restaurant where only Chinese ate . As they demanded to be fed , the Chinese chef took whatever was left over , put it all together with a sauce , and  served  it .   
Reheat to boiling point, add rice and cook until tender. Taste for seasoning and  serve  piping hot.   
Dust these with flour and cook in butter until brown on both sides.  Serve  plain or with a sprinkling of chopped parsley.   
Then guests tasted and voted . One steak was pan-broiled ; one was broiled under a gas flame ; one was broiled with electricity ; and one was sauteed and  served  up with a sauce .   
File tends to thicken the stew , as does okra . It must , in any case , be added at the very end , just before  serving  .   
Fresh eels are prepared in a similar way in Latvia .  Serves  6-8.  
It might be said that the potato is the " basic black dress " of the vegetable family . It can be  served  plain or dressed up for elegance .   
The U.S. Department of Agriculture introduced a policy that all school districts must sign papers that they will give free or reduced price lunches to children in need . Rims Barber told me : " Many schools signed , but  served  no lunches .   
I very gladly cooked dinner since she came home an hour later than I. I prided myself for an artistic flair for thinking up unusual menus and cooking them rather rapidly . I am not sure now whether the limit of one dollar , self-imposed as it was , was for the entire dinner or per head , especially since I often  served  some wine with it .   
The rich buttery quality adds to their tastiness.  Serve  them on crisp pieces of toast with the cream and butter poured over the top.   
Garnish with chopped fresh parsley or a slice of lemon .  Serves  6 .   
Your father had influence, got a crime hushed up a long time before, not for himself, but for one of his friends. One of his friends shot a girl because she wouldn't  serve  him another drink, shot and missed.   
Remove the rolls to a hot platter, pour the sauce from the pan over them and top with chopped parsley.  Serve  this with macaroni dressed with butter, cheese and chopped sauteed mushrooms; and a salad of romaine and crumbled hard-cooked egg, with a lemon juice and olive oil dressing.   
Garnish with sliced fresh mushrooms , cooked asparagus tips , or a sprinkling of chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
With beer: Omit the apples and substitute beer for the wine in the casserole.  Serve  this casserole with horseradish mixed with apple sauce.   
" Oh , but do send Mrs. Hopkins to me at once ! " she said , adding to Georgina , as Anson left the room , " I have the most lowering presentiment that ices and wafer-biscuits are not at all the thing to be  serving  tonight , as the weather has turned so cool and damp . " Georgina , foreseeing a monologue on the deficiencies of the dinner and the refreshments to be served later that would endure until Mrs. Hopkins made her appearance , hurriedly interposed , " Cousin Bella !   
For the first six months you wonder how the devil you got here, and for the second six months you wonder how the devil the rest of ' em got here! " The newlyweds were living on a very tight budget, and the young bride had figured out every possible different way to  serve  a hamburger.   
Some groups have imported from other countries uses of alcohol that can be classed as dietary , as explained earlier . For these people the holiday feast would not live up to expectations if wine weren't  served  .   
Keep warm. When they are completely stacked, dress with hot chocolate sauce and  serve  in wedges with whipped cream, sweetened to taste and spiked with cognac.   
Garnish with chopped pistachio nuts.  Serve  with whipped cream.   
Bake in a moderate oven (dg350) for 30 minutes.  Serve  warm topped with vanilla sauce.   
Add the hot rice crust to boiling broth . Garnish each  serving  with 2 shrimp , a few mushroom slices and a sprinkling of chopped scallions . Serve at once. Serves 6 .   
Garnish with chopped fresh parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Heat over a very low flame for 1 hour.  Serve  on hot pasta and sprinkle with plenty of grated Parmesan or Romano cheese.   
Prepare cubes of fresh pineapple as you do melon balls . Within the memory of old timers ( including me ) , bread-making was routine in every household , and no proper wife thought of  serving  bakery-made products .   
Many people insist that flank steak must be cooked by a long slow process . This well-known dish calls for broiling flank steak and is delicious if properly  served  .   
Chill . Helpful hint : Leave the avocado pit in the guacamole until  serving  time to prevent the mixture from turning dark .   
Stir in 1/4 cup soup, then return mixture to balance of soup.  Serve  with grated Parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Remove from the oven and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Serve  cold with heavy cream or whipped cream.   
Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Serve  these broiled kidney slices with a good English mustard, some crisp watercress and French-fried potatoes.   
When they are brown, turn, butter the other side of each slice and return to the broiler to finish cooking.  Serve  as you would sauteed eggplant.   
As they sat and sweltered, the motorists could look up and see the early-rising moon three quarters full in the sky. In common with uncounted thousands of other housewives in the vast metropolitan area Maggie McGuire was making iced tea to  serve  with the dinner she had prepared.   
Reservations pour in. Jean-Michel Lorain, whose La Cote Saint Jacques in nearby Joigny got elevated last year, says he suddenly  serves  between 25% and 30% more "langoustines roties a la vinaigrette" and other specialties, and is swamped with offers to market his jams, table linen and other sidelines.   
The Cockaleeky recipe comes from Scotland and is also popular in Wales , where the leek is held in such high national esteem that it has become the country's floral emblem . No less revered is the Swedish Pea Soup , Arter Med Flask , a national dish  served  in most Swedish homes every Thursday for hundreds of years .   
Drain well.  Serve  with the meat sauce poured over, the parsley sprinkled on and plenty of grated Parmesan in a separate dish to sprinkle on top. Serves 6 .   
Select ripe, juicy pears, peel them and cut into very thin slices. Sugar lightly and  serve  with plenty of heavy cream.   
Reduce heat, cover and simmer until meat and vegetables are tender about 30 minutes. To  serve , top with spoonfuls of sour cream and sprinkle with dill. Serves 8 .   
Fifth: Garnish with 3 hard-boiled eggs, cut into quarters, arranging them between the sausages. Sprinkle with paprika and  serve  hot in the baking dish with your favorite mustard.   
Drop into boiling salted water or soup stock and poach.  Serve  with hot consomme.   
For 4 persons, buy 1 to 1-1/2 pounds. An elegant way to  serve  fresh cherries is to heap them whole, with stems intact, in individual glass dishes. Serve small bowls of ice water with the cherries so each person can dip the fruit as he eats it.   
Simmer for another 2 or 3 minutes .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Cool to room temperature, then chill in the refrigerator.  Serve  with sweet or sour cream.   
Bowls of hot soup are always welcome.  Serve  hot apple pie for dessert.   
Rinse the pan with 1/3 cup of dry vermouth or white wine and pour over the hamburgers . The traditional hamburger is a 4-ounce cake broiled or pan-broiled to the required state of doneness and  served  on a heated , toasted , buttered bun .   
Let it cool and then place it in the refrigerator to jelly. When you are ready to  serve , unmold the jellied meat onto a platter and garnish it with pickles, sliced hard-cooked eggs, olives and parsley.   
Cool and then chill in the refrigerator. When ready to  serve , gently push aside the center leaves and remove the undeveloped leaves at the heart.   
For basting : apricot brandy , about 3/4 cup . For  serving  : green grapes if available , red otherwise .   
Add parsley , butter and seasonings and simmer for another 10 minutes .  Serves  6 .   
Come see them . We will be  serving  the evening lunch on them during our April bake sale and fun night .   
If you like it softer, cook it to the stage of doneness you prefer.  Serve  in any of the ways suggested for noodles.   
Add the vinegar and garnish with croutons or chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Every day, around 175 of them seek companionship at Henry Street's senior-citizen center, in the basement of a nearby housing project. At midday, the center  serves  a 60-cent hot lunch.   
Season with salt and pepper and top with croutons .  Serves  8 to 10 .   
There were solos sung and music played and poems read which had been written just for us and telegrams from loved ones in Sweden and from friends all over America were read aloud . After the program was finished , there was a receiving line and then refreshments were  served  .   
Old sherry and Madeira are more easily obtainable than a twenty- or thirty-year-old Sauternes or Barsac . Like all rules connected with wine-drinking , the rules governing the order of  serving  wine are nothing more than common sense and are variable according to personal taste .   
With 9,800 McDonald's -- 7,500 of them in the U.S. -- already dispensing burgers in 46 countries, his disciples continue to open new restaurants at a rate of one every 17 hours; less than 0.5% of the new units fail. McDonald's dispenses nearly one out of every three hamburgers  served  in U.S. restaurants and more than one-fourth of the french fries.   
She was placed at the grand exclusive table with His Royal Highness the exalted personage before mentioned , and the rest of the great guests . She was  served  on gold plate .   
Return to the broiler to brown the crumbs.  Serve  with Sauce Diable or with English mustard and crisp bacon strips.   
Brush with the jelly until thoroughly covered. Chill and  serve  with a plain mayonnaise to which you have added chopped fresh dill to taste; or serve with Green Mayonnaise (see page 111, v4).   
So much of the cooking I learned from my own mother, known to many of you as Mama. Much of it is from my own kitchen foods I have toyed with, improving the flavor and making them more exciting to  serve .   
Slip under the broiler for a moment to brown the cream lightly .  Serves  6 .   
Figs are quite sweet.  Serve  with heavy cream.   
" No , I won't forget , je ne demande pas mieux . " Tea was  served  under the big lime-tree in front of the house .   
Now and then Amanda was aware of Mrs. Wickensdorf's eyes on her in a speculative way ; now and then she saw them fixed on Allan in a puzzled way , as though somewhere she had made a miscalculation . It was a relief to them all when Mrs. Oliver appeared in the doorway to say , in a soft and almost frightened voice , " Luncheon is  served  . "   
Most people go to a party , but the club took the party to the guests this time . They  served  delicious refreshments , and had gifts for all .   
Stir the mixture into the soup and remove from heat.  Serve  hot or cold, sprinkled with chopped chervil. Serves 6 .   
All vital elements for growing minds and bodies... Help your child grow bigger and stronger.  Serve  Wonder Bread.   
Garnish with snipped dill .  Serves  4 .   
Allow 1 quart of shucked clams for 4 persons. If you are steaming clams, 1 quart of clams in the shell will  serve  only one true clam lover, but will be enough for two with less enthusiasm.   
If you like your noodles softer, cook for 10 minutes. Drain thoroughly and  serve  dressed with plenty of butter, salt and freshly ground black pepper. You can also use any of the sauces listed for spaghetti (pages 332-337) or serve any of the following ways: Cheesed Noodles: Drain the noodles thoroughly and return them to the pan.   
Brush the split kidneys with melted butter or olive oil and broil very quickly under a hot flame until browned on the outside but still rare in the center. Season to taste with salt and pepper and  serve  with crisp bacon slices.   
Drain well, season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and pour melted butter over. Creamed:  Serve  the cooked celery covered with a Rich Cream Sauce (page 111, v4). Hollandaise: Serve cooked celery with a Hollandaise Sauce (page 111, v4).   
Eating together can combine all the " Somethings " basic to successful get-togethers . The planning , preparation , and  serving  of food , as well as the eating of it , provide something to do , to watch , to talk about , to laugh over , and to help with .   
If desired , float 1 tablespoon Rouille in the middle of each soup plate .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Lobster Salad See Basic Seafood Salad , page 111 , v4 . This is a famous , classic seafood dish  served  in Paris and in outstanding French restaurants in New York .   
Add honey or sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , cloves , allspice , salt and lemon juice . Just before  serving  , stir in the cream and milk and heat .   
This will only take a few minutes.  Serve  with rice and sauteed or broiled eggplant.   
In some areas , especially in Charleston , South Carolina , peas are combined with rice to make Hopping John , a dish quite similar to Jamaican and Puerto Rican staples . Hot pepper sauce is  served  with it , and often boiled okra and baked yams .   
Bay scallops will be done in a minute or two; sea scallops take a little longer. Season to taste at the last and  serve  with a dusting of chopped parsley and a garnish of lemon wedges.   
Repeat this every 10 minutes during the next 1/2 hour of cooking, or until the duck skin has a fine glaze.  Serve  this curried glazed duck with rice and chutney and thinly sliced bananas dressed with a sharp French oil-and-vinegar dressing.   
Ham from Denmark, butter from New Zealand, spices from the islands of the Caribbean and from Asia, tea from Ceylon, coffee from Brazil, and olives from the Middle East are commonplace. Processed foods, ready to heat and  serve , represent millions of unseen workers who have raised, harvested, prepared, and packaged products hitherto unknown in the home or elsewhere.   
Whether you use a tablecloth or mats depends on what you have available . If there is a first course in the meal you're  serving  , it may be ready at each place when the participants appear at the table .   
He takes in only nine guests at a time , specializing in Prussian aristocrats . Meals are formal ,  served  by waiters in white gloves .   
Later that year , his open hot roast-beef sandwich creates a scandal with its frankness . 1783 : To celebrate his sixty-fifth birthday , he invents the hamburger and tours the great capitals of the world personally , making burgers at concert halls before large and appreciative audiences . In Germany , Goethe suggests  serving  them on buns an idea that delights the Earl , and of the author of Faust he says , " This Goethe , he is some fellow . "   
Orange : Add 4 cups orange juice , 1/4 cup sugar , and a dash of salt to milk , plus 1 cup of crushed ice .  Serves  6 .   
You may find these other soupmaking utensils among your regular cooking equipment: The queenly virtues of a well-made soup are entitled to a commensurately high standard of service. A first commandment in this respect is:  Serve  a hot soup Piping hot.   
Garnish with a sprinkling of popcorn or a dollop of whipped cream .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Bake a ham preferably a fine country-cured and aged ham in any of the ways suggested on pages 111-111, v3. Make thin cornbread (see Quick Breads, page 11) and  serve  the ham in thin slices on well-buttered pieces of the bread.   
It can be a side dish with hamburger , or it can be offered as the main course at a summer buffet dinner . No matter when it is  served  , or what the ingredients , a salad should always have a slightly tart taste and always be zestful .   
Sprinkle with snipped chives .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
It must have caused their chiefs to decide on revenge ... " The door opened and Sangh came in balancing his tray as Rapid rolled in the long swell . He swiftly  served  Mr. Baynes with toasted biscuit , jam , a cup of tea ; tea for Sir Thomas and Merewether .   
Garnish with garlic croutons or dollops of salted whipped cream .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
If the potatoes seem too stiff, add a little extra cream. Reheat over hot water and  serve  with an extra lump of butter on top.   
When the pictures are complete , they form a very interesting mural and become a topic of conversation for all . The type of food and where it will be  served  will depend upon the number of guests , how long they will stay , and how large the Host home is .   
Empanaditas freeze very satisfactorily. Reheat to  serve .   
I find the best are placed on top, and underneath they may be green or moldy. One quart will  serve  4 persons.   
Sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
She put on the white outfit in which she had arrived with a shirt of mine underneath and took the head of the table . I would not even have her hanging around in the provincial manner and  serving  the men while they ate .   
This type of souffle is far lighter and more delicate than cream base souffles , and it falls easily . It must be  served  quickly .   
Put the hot dunk sauce over an alcohol flame or electric plate.  Serve  hot stuffed biscuits folded in a napkin.   
Like the peach, it must be really ripe to be sweet and juicy. Eat it plain, or peel it and  serve  it with cream or in combination with other fruits.   
With maple sugar: Use maple sugar, or omit sugar and baste with maple syrup. With sherry: Baste the apples with a little dry sherry wine during the baking and  serve  with a custard sauce (page 111, v4) flavored with sherry wine.   
Smoked Eel: Cut thin fillets from this meaty fish and arrange on a platter or on toast fingers.  Serve  with lemon slices or wedges.   
Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley , if desired .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
She was robed in white , they said , and around her head there shone a circle of fire or light . So it had once happened with their former Nordic goddess Freya , who once visited on the longest night of the year and  served  the Swedes mead from a golden horn , in promise of a bountiful harvest .   
With loin chops: Substitute 4 thick loin pork chops for the steak.  Serve  with baked sweet potatoes.   
Or make your own . This recipe  serves  4 persons .   
Add salt and pepper.  Serve  hot, sprinkled with grated Romano cheese. Serves 4 to 6 .   
Polish-Americans mix cream with the poppy seed before combining with honey .  Serves  8 or more .   
Here are some of the greens you might like to try for variety, texture, and flavor: Iceberg, Boston, or Bibb (limestone) lettuce, romaine, chickory, escarole, endive Belgian or domestic spinach, water cress, or dandelion greens. If you live where there is a Scandinavian food shop, you can have a grand time looking over the great variety of cheeses to be had and deciding which you will  serve .   
By noon they were as hungry as wolves . Meat or fish was  served  at noonday dinner , but tea was a tasteless drink the boys called " beer . "   
Add sliced cooked potatoes that have marinated in oil and vinegar, sliced tomatoes, quartered hard-cooked eggs and slices of cold boiled beef.  Serve  with a pitcher of French dressing, a bowl of mayonnaise, sliced pickles and horseradish on the side.   
In front of each guest was a plate of small sandwiches , each wrapped in wax paper . Mrs. Clark also  served  carrot strips , milk , gelatin dessert , and cookies cut in the shapes of toys .   
Very early on the morning of December 25 , General Hugh Mercer went to the Ferry House and discussed plans with those officers who were already there . This was probably immediately after sunrise , or about seven o'clock in current Eastern Standard Time , and McKonkey was already  serving  hot rum and milk .   
Then return the lobster to the kettle to cook in the sauce, cover tightly and simmer for 20 minutes.  Serve  over rice.   
This salad tasted so good and was so different that I asked for the recipe , which was sent to me after I had returned home . The beauty of this salad is that it can be  served  either cold or hot , making it just perfect for either a warm or a cool June day . To serve hot increase sour cream to 1/2 cup, and bake at dg350 for 20 minutes.   
From the garden comes the sound of water trickling over a graceful stone fountain and into a goldfish pool. Mrs. Furton, billowing about in a hand-embroidered turquoise muumuu,  serves  brownies and coffee, and asks a visitor to guess what she paid for the big basket of chrysanthemums and gladiolas on her coffee table: $6.   
Make a Rich Custard Sauce (page 111, v4) and flavor it with cognac or Grand Marnier.  Serve  over blueberries.   
The food at supper was plentiful and good . With it was  served  a delicious light beer instead of the horrible " swipes " the boys had endured at Stonyhurst .   
Return the meat cubes to the pan to reheat.  Serve  with rice, noodles or mashed potatoes.   
The flavor improves if the casserole is made several days ahead of time . Boiled potatoes which accompany it can be peeled sometime the day it is to be  served  and put in water , then cooked just before serving .   
Sweeten with 2 tablespoons sugar and flavor with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. When ready to  serve , spread the whipped cream on top of the pie.   
Melt butter or beef drippings in a skillet and cook the beef slices until the crumbs are crusty and brown and the meat is hot through.  Serve  with Sauce Diable (page 111, v4).   
Let cool completely . Before  serving  top with colored ( optional ) whipped cream .   
He almost hurried to greet them. " Madame has asked that I  serve  an aperitif in the salon to Signor Spezzi and Madame Tibbett, " he said.   
Remove cover and continue simmering until the soup is thick, stirring often.  Serve  with hot, fluffy boiled rice to spoon into the gumbo. Serves 6 .   
Garnish with chopped dill or parsley .  Serves  4 .   
Float a little cream atop each  serving  and sprinkle with a few gratings of nutmeg . Serves 6 .   
Fold the napkin over the corn to hold in the heat.  Serve  with individual dishes of salt, pepper grinders and plenty of sweet butter.   
Return the liver to the sauce and reheat it for a minute.  Serve  with rice and a casserole of tomatoes and eggplant baked in the oven.   
At their Embassy parties there was never an Afghan baccha in sight . Food and drinks were  served  by the Russian wives instead .   
They marched around the corner to the dim , cool public room . The old white-haired Portuguese  served  the London gin and lemons .   
Place all ingredients in saucepan and simmer 15 minutes. Remove cinnamon and  serve  hot or cold.   
Cover the pan and bake in a dg350 oven for 2 or 3 hours or until the meat is tender and the flavorings are well blended and mellowed.  Serve  with plain boiled potatoes or buttered noodles.   
Just then she kicked the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drinks in tall glasses of plastic silver with foliage on top . Beer was never  served  with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledge .   
I had worked in one hospital before coming here. We have about seventy thousand meals to  serve  a month, and we cater as well for all sorts of meetings, parties and benefits held here at the hospital."   
Cook them according to directions above, place them on hot plates and season to taste with salt, pepper and butter.  Serve  with Bearnaise Sauce, Sauce Diable or Bordelaise Sauce.   
Add the olives and heat them through.  Serve  this sauce with the duck, and accompany it with small new potatoes cooked in their jackets and tiny green peas.   
Split rolls and toast them on the grill. Butter them and  serve  a frankfurter in each. Serves 8 ( if you're also having hamburgers ) .   
Most of these students sleep in the dormitory which is a part of the same building. Furthermore, plans are currently being developed to  serve  the three meals per day in this building, starting in the Fall of 1969.   
Her life was grind, grind, grind and sift, sift, sift." Socrates Alexander, catering director at the Plaza Hotel in New York, recently  served  luncheon to the National Layman's Bible Committee using "Good Book Cookbook" cuisine.   
Arrange the cooked scallops on a hot platter and garnish with lemon quarters and chopped parsley.  Serve  with potatoes hashed in cream, buttered turnips and a green salad.   
Beat for 2 minutes with rotary beater.  Serve  hot, topped with a sprinkling of chopped parsley and loads of oyster crackers. Serves 2 to 4 .   
Stir in the cream and chill .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
If you wish you can give this dish a more festive touch by adding a package of cooked frozen green peas just before you dish up the stew and topping it with a liberal sprinkling of Italian parsley. With Veal Saute  serve  spaetzle.   
" Light My Fire " was coming through the loudspeakers around the pool at the Upper Deck , one of Montego Bay's most luxurious resort hotels . The man from Michigan , buoyed by the free rum punch that had been  served  between 5:00 and 7:00 , was well into his monologue .   
Everything reeked of gasoline . All day long the men breathed gasoline ; the air that the ventilation circulated below decks was charged with gasoline ; at mid-day the men were  served  gasoline-flavoured sandwiches and the water they drank tasted of gasoline .   
Then cook over low heat for about 30 minutes.  Serve  with yoghurt or sour cream as a topping.Serves 6 to 8 .   
Pour into a greased loaf pan and bake in a 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Slice to  serve . Serves four .   
Brush the top crust with beaten egg yolks and bake according to directions for Apple Pie, page 111.  Serve  hot or cold.   
For all those millions, you might expect gondolas. But General Mills has lavished its time and money on creating an ambiance and cuisine that are sort of Italian -- the restaurants do  serve  spaghetti -- but not so Italian as to put off the American mass market.   
It would make just as much sense to combine turnips and asparagus.  Serve  them separately.   
Cook gently for 15 minutes.  Serve  over hot spaghetti, noodles or any pasta and pass grated Parmesan cheese or Romano cheese. 1. Do not strain the sauce but serve it with the bits of meat and vegetables in it.   
During the last hour , baste with apricot brandy . Fifteen minutes before  serving  , add grapes and baste them along with the goose . Serve with white rice cooked by favorite recipe. Serves 8 .   
Place the bread on a cookie sheet and put into a 375 degree oven for 10 minutes.  Serve  with plenty of butter available.   
When custard has cooled to room temperature , place it in the refrigerator to chill before eating . When  serving  , spoon right out of casserole , preferably into individual bowls .   
Simmer very gently for a few minutes until all the ingredients are well blended. Add a dash of lemon juice and  serve .   
Garnish with raw onion rings or paper thin slices of Bermuda or red Italian onions, sliced hard-cooked eggs and capers.  Serve  mayonnaise separately.   
A popular cordial called Lovage was made from the herb in combination with other herbs . It was  served  at inns for its beneficial effect and soothing quality during intestinal upsets .   
Dribble a tablespoonful of honey over each half. Refrigerate until ready to  serve . Although one ordinarily serves fruit first at breakfast, it often provides dessert at lunch and since this meal is a combination of the two one may choose when to serve it.   
Or put a meat thermometer in the thickest part of the roast (do not let it touch a bone) and roast until the thermometer registers dg165.  Serve  this special dish with glazed onions and baked potatoes dressed with sour cream, crumbled bacon and chopped parsley.   
" You can turn the other way, " I suggested. You ought to see what they  serve  in these places.   
No , his ears twitch , but only when I offer him a French-fried potato does he rise to his stumpy legs . The fourteen-year-old girl who has been  serving  me stands in the doorway of the restaurant to watch another helicopter bring down the dead and wounded from the slopes of the Syrian mountains to the hospital here in Safed .   
This is a good basis for many cream soups and sauces. To  serve  the broth, heat to the boiling point, add lemon juice to taste.   
Season to taste with Worcestershire, lemon juice and celery salt.  Serve  hot or chilled.   
Cut them in 1/2-inch slices and saute in butter until brown on both sides.  Serve  with pork dishes.   
Place a fillet in each soup plate and fill with hot soup .  Serves  6 .   
They were accompanied by Mrs. Cochran . After the program , the ladies of the Anniston Chapter  served  refreshments while Santa Claus presented gifts to the students .   
She sat beside him and looked ardently into his face . A great feast was  served  them , but Fairhands and his lady had thoughts only for each other .   
Cut in squares.  Serve  plain or with a dish of 1 cup heavy cream whipped until stiff, sweetened with 2 tablespoons sugar, and flavored with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract.   
A delicate porcelain epergne laden with plums and apricots is an elegant centerpiece. Fruit achieves its ultimate when you  serve  it in its natural state accompanied by cheese.   
Since the very-youngs enjoy sitting on cushions on the floor , the coffee table will make an excellent substitute for a dining table . If they are  served  a bit earlier than the others , an adult or teen-age volunteer can supervise , help them butter their bread , cut their meat , and just be on hand in case of trouble !   
I'm sure they will enjoy the evening too . Our chairman of the evening , Jeanette Miller , says " Don't forget coffee and lunch which will be  served  at 9:45 . "   
Strain the soup through cheesecloth . Add Madeira just before  serving  and garnish with chopped parsley . Serves 2 to 4 .   
Make a sauce with 1 tablespoon of onion juice, 3 finely chopped anchovy fillets, 1 tin of tuna fish in olive oil, 1 cup of mayonnaise and 2 tablespoons of capers. Blend well and  serve  with the sliced veal.   
Grilled Frankfurters: Spear tiny frankfurters and grill until crisp.  Serve  with a mustard-seasoned sour cream dunk. Good cold hams , sausages and ready-prepared meats , sliced very thin and served with thinly sliced rye and pumpernickel bread , make tasty appetizers .   
Strain the bones from the broth and then strain the broth through a linen napkin to remove the excess fat.  Serve  the broth plain or with any of the additions suggested above for Consomme (see page 111).   
That night , the guests were seated at Franklin's table . They were baffled when Deborah  served  them nothing but a bowl of strange-looking mush , and a pitcher of cold water .   
While the spareribs are cooking, bring the marinade to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 40 minutes.  Serve  this sauce with the ribs and with them also serve rice, a platter of sliced tomatoes and onions, dressed with oil and vinegar, and some good bread and butter.   
In 1980, with $60,000, they launched "Shear Madness" at a tiny, basement cabaret theater in a Boston alley. Because of a slow start, the two dubbed their venture Cranberry Productions Inc., as in "what do you  serve  with a turkey?"   
Broil for 20 minutes, then turn and finish cooking until browned and crisp.  Serve  with wild rice or Barley Casserole.   
The maiden seated herself upon the golden chair , and offered the silver one to her companion . They were  served  by maidens dressed in white , whose feet made no sound as they moved about , and not a word was spoken during the meal .   
Add a dash of lemon juice and pour the sauce over the meat. Surround this with the onions and mushrooms and  serve  with steamed rice.   
Soon the " greenery " and root vegetables were ready for harvesting . Pioneer women  served  them at the beginning of the meal while their families were still hungry , to be sure they got them down !   
In short , she had every trait of the kind of woman he could tie round his finger . He rose to her with the most dazzling smile he had achieved in weeks , guided her through the menu and wine-list and chose a meal for her which was already flavoured with flattery before it was  served  .   
If the cheese mixture gets too thick , add a little more kirsch . The following quiche recipes may be  served  as main dishes for luncheon or late breakfast ; they are also suitable as a first course for dinner .   
I wondered whether some , at least , of the hippies were smoking marijuana . When the rush of  serving  was over , Peter set a chair in the middle of the room and Marilyn came out , carrying her guitar .   
Sometimes this testing can get pretty sticky. It would be much easier to describe this, for instance, if each participant could have simply been  served  three cups, each containing one of the three choices.   
Heat consomme until piping hot .  Serve  in heated soup cups and garnish each serving with thin slices of celeriac ( celery root ) , which have been cooked until tender in salted water .   
There is entertainment -- clowns, magicians and Santa Claus -- and each child takes home a present. Light refreshments -- ice cream, candy and punch (adding to the cost of the company's dental plan) are  served .   
I love lots of good things to eat, and I love to prepare them. Here then is a sample menu of what I would  serve .   
Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with vanilla sugar. Rewarm to  serve .   
This dish has a gelatinous quality that many people find very tasty.  Serve  it informally to guests who aren't afraid to use their fingers, for the best of the meat clings to the bones and must be nibbled off.   
Dot liberally with butter and broil until sizzling on top and soft through, but not mushy.  Serve  with whipped cream flavored with vanilla and sugar.   
There is nothing handsomer in the vegetable line than a whole cooked head of cauliflower , white , glistening with melted butter and surrounded with tiny whole carrots and small whole green beans . It is equally elegant cooked and chilled and  served  with other cooked vegetables and a well-seasoned mayonnaise .   
Just then she kicked the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drinks in tall glasses of plastic silver with foliage on top . Beer was never  served  with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledge .   
Garnish with croutons if desired .  Serves  6 to 8 .   
Or , if you wanted a drink of water , you'd be told that if you went clear across town , there'd be a fountain for Negroes . You'd wait 25 minutes to be  served  in a diner , and if you complained , you'd be told , " We don't want niggers in here , anyhow . "   
Do not overcook or the pears will be mushy. Cool them in the syrup and  serve  plain or with whipped cream or custard sauce.   
Derrick felt like hiding too, when he saw that his parents were still fighting. He was sick when Mom studiously ignored Pa's entreating looks, when she let Dorothy Hedla  serve  him instead of bringing him breakfast herself.   
Prepare the Sloppy Joes exactly as directed on the package. You can do this before you go to the game and reheat the mixture when you're ready to  serve .   
Heat until piping hot .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
In either method, add more oil if paste is too thick.  Serve  over hot pasta spaghetti or fettucine with a dollop of butter, if you wish.   
For this dish you need small clams Littlenecks or Cherrystones. Tell your fish dealer how you wish to  serve  them and he will remove half of the shell for you. Serve 6 clams per person and arrange the shells on beds of ice.   
Per capita consumption of processed (canned and frozen) vegetables increased during the 1960's, while per capita consumption of fresh vegetables declined. Consumption of frozen and packaged pies and cakes, " brown and  serve  " rolls, and cake and cookie mixes has been soaring, at the expense of home-baked products.   
Add more oil or a little water, if needed.  Serve  cold, sprinkled with parsley.   
Garnish each  serving  of consomme with narrow strips of French crepes ( paper-thin pancakes ) . Just before serving the hot consomme , add port wine or sherry to taste , and sliced raw mushrooms .   
Ribbons extended from it , like highways , leading to each place . Mrs. Ford and Gary  served  an assortment of sandwiches , milk and gingerbread cookies shaped like cars .   
For the children's love feast in Bethlehem , chocolate milk and cookies are substituted . This presents something of a contradiction , as children regularly take part in other church love feasts at which coffee is  served  .   
It makes a fine basting sauce along with rosemary and garlic for roast pork . With thyme and parsley , it produces a good herb butter  served  with salmon , halibut and bass .   
Cottage cheese mixed with chopped chives and parsley.  Serve  with mayonnaise. 2.   
It's for people who think Bermuda and Nassau are vulgar and American and, besides, the natives are getting uppity. In Montreux the natives never get uppity; from September to May the hotels  serve  nothing but roast beef and curry and take good care not to cook it too well.   
Still, the fajita pita is but a pale reflection of L.A.'s multi-ethnic folk cuisine, which appears to have roots that reach back to the mid-1940s. That is when, according to one vague local legend, a Jewish man named Maury and his Mexican wife Mary  served  the first Kosher Style Burrito at an open-air lunch counter in the city's downtown business district.   
Garnish with thin slices of hard-cooked egg , lemon or avocado .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Now taste the broth and add enough salt and pepper to suit yourself.  Serve  immediately while still hot.   
Set aside to cool and then chill in the refrigerator. About 2 hours before you are ready to  serve , add the chopped onion and parsley and additional oil if necessary.   
Do not let the asparagus stand in the water after it is done. Drain at once and  serve  with melted butter or Hollandaise Sauce.   
Garnish with a sprinkling of chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Fish is good luck to eat at New Year's . It is  served  both cooked and raw .   
When the veal is done, remove it to a hot platter and surround it with buttered broccoli.  Serve  with buttered noodles lightly sprinkled with grated Parmesan cheese.   
The slices should be crispy brown but pinkish in the center. Salt and pepper them to taste, sprinkle with chopped green onion and chopped parsley and  serve  with the pan juices poured over them. With sauteed liver, serve crisp bacon strips, English mustard and tiny new potatoes boiled with their skins on.   
By 7 p.m., her PR duties done for the day, she literally climbed onto the small stage at the Gold Star Sardine Bar and sang her first set. Only soft drinks were  served , but the house was SRO anyway -- just like her opening the night before.   
During the last hour, add 6 carrots, the onions and the turnips. Twenty minutes before you are ready to  serve , add a quartered head of cabbage.   
Breaded: Dip slices of cold turkey in lightly beaten egg and then roll in fine crumbs. Brown in plenty of butter or olive oil and  serve  with a hot Sauce Diable (page 111) or Tomato Sauce (page 111).   
You can introduce them in desserts or as a dessert by themselves. Whenever you can,  serve  fresh produce.   
Big bowls of celery and carrot sticks, crispy crackers, cheeses, and whatever snacks are planned, can be made part of the decoration of the  serving  area. Members of the family should be at hand to serve, empty ashtrays, and be of service to the guests. Instead of such a variety of refreshments, the host family may prefer to feature a large, beautifully decorated punch bowl, and serve a colorful punch to the guests.   
Aunt Letty had stuffed three turkeys for the occasion , but her dining room was not big enough for the herd she had invited . We  served  ourselves from the table , then filled the chairs , the stools and the couch in the living room .   
Lightly sprinkle with sugar , and pass sugar for individuals to add more if desired . Some Southerners add sherry to ambrosia when  serving  it as a dessert . Serves 8 to 10 .   
They were taking a night plane home . Dinner was  served  in their rooms .   
But she kept going, peddling her pizzas to restaurants and fancy hotels. Ms. Higa's big break came when the Royal Host family restaurant chain agreed to  serve  her pizzas.   
He shook hands self-consciously with MacRae, Larkin, Dobbs, and Davis, as the pipes squealed. "You have permission to  serve  out a ration of spirits," he managed to tell Davis and went below.   
Pour into pie shell and bake at dg350 for 35 minutes. Cool and  serve .   
Makes about 3 quarts. To  serve : Heat, season to taste with lemon juice, white wine or sherry and serve hot or chilled.   
Latvians also observe First , Second , and Third Christmas in America , with many parties and visiting . One Christmas specialty which is universally  served  at such parties is piparkukas , the Latvian version of peppernuts .   
Gently heat through , but do not let boil .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Minute Rice: Use Minute Rice and cook it according to the directions on the package, substituting chicken broth or any meat broth or stock for the water in the recipe.  Serve  in any of the ways suggested for Steamed Rice.   
Chill . Stir in cognac or sherry just before  serving  .   
Place in refrigerator until firm.  Serve  with the whipping cream or strawberry jam.   
Chill until firm (about four hours). Unmold (see page 13) and  serve  surrounded by defrosted frozen strawberries or fresh whole strawberries and remaining topping or cream. Serves 6 .   
His wife was a brilliant woman and still good-looking . Perhaps she neglected her own house a little for her visits and parties ; she changed her servants every three months and the General's meals at home were  served  unpunctually .   
Sometimes he felt so elated about his life and happy household that he danced a little mazurka before he sat down to a meal with his family . The Rubinsteins had a French cook , but Nela liked to surprise Arthur with a favorite dish , such as partridge wrapped in bacon and  served  with red cabbage .   
Nothing fills a person quite as full as a Thanksgiving dinner . But we usually have a cold-turkey-sandwich snack before the guests leave ,  served  , perhaps , with a cup of coffee and apricot bars , something sweet to top off the day .   
Yair sings three Sabbath songs he has learned in kindergarten. I  serve  baked fish.   
Roll in fine crumbs and broil slowly in the oven or over charcoal until browned on one side; then turn to brown on the other side.  Serve  with Sauce Diable (page 111), v4).   
When they are done, pour heated rum, cognac or Grand Marnier over them, ignite them and bring to the table blazing.  Serve  with custard sauce or whipped cream.   
Many people object to the taste of cottonseed.  Serve  smoked fish on a platter with toast fingers, or arrange pieces of the fish on toast fingers yourself.   
While the meat is finishing, boil the potatoes.  Serve  the meat sliced on a platter and surrounded by the carrots and potatoes.   
If using canned beets , put them in a small pot with some of their liquid , and heat . When ready to  serve  , place the meat on a serving platter , remove the vegetables from the broth with a slotted spoon , and arrange nicely around the meat .   
Add more salt if necessary.  Serve  in a salad bowl and garnish with sliced hard-cooked egg and chopped parsley and chives.   
They will be cooked in about 5 minutes . These marinated scallops can be  served  as an appetizer or as a main course .   
Drain the cooked potatoes on absorbent paper . If you can cook these in advance and then recrisp the potatoes for a minute in hot oil just before  serving  , you will have a crisper , firmer vegetable .   
It's not so much what the ads say as what they don't say, these specialists complain. Thus, while one ad shows a whole potato and a bottle of milk, they say it ignores the fact that the only potatoes that McDonald's  serves  are french fries cooked in beef fat and that one chocolate milkshake contains about three times the sodium content of a regular order of french fries.   
Pan-fry small oysters and clams according to directions for Pan-Fried Clams, page 111, v2. Spear with toothpicks and  serve  with a sharp Tartar Sauce (page 111, v4).   
Put a good hunk of butter into the same pan in which the beans were cooked . Add drained beans and sizzle a little before  serving  . Serves 4 -- 6 .   
Drain and cool.  Serve  with a Vinaigrette Sauce (see Salad Dressings) or mayonnaise.   
Only one car was parked in front. " Al doesn't  serve  lunches, " Preston explained.   
Sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
With ice cream: Fill the pineapple shell with vanilla ice cream. As a topping for the ice cream,  serve  the fruit cut in cubes and flavored with sugar and rum.   
This is particularly so for late-harvest Rieslings. Sauternes, however, is traditionally  served  with foie gras in the Sauternes region, which sounds like an unbearably rich combination.   
"We're very positive," he said. "We're going to keep  serving  good food, come up with a reorganization plan and emerge from this."   
Her family may then invite the congregation to a little get-together , called " Oleg shabbot , " in the vestry or social room . This is a joyful , happy , brief social period at which refreshments are  served  .   
Cook until the edges of the oysters begin to curl.  Serve  at once, sprinkled with paprika or chopped parsley or chives. Serves 6 .   
Chill .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Religious Symbols Besides the cross there are many symbols and legends that will add interest and color to family gatherings : Paschal lamb . In a family that  serves  no meat during Lent , the lamb can be a mold , or can be cookies or cakes cut in the shape of a lamb .   
Preparing a foreign meal once a month also changes the pace . Besides helping to prepare the exotic dish , family members can use their ingenuity to make the way of  serving  , or the table decoration fit the meal being prepared .   
Cook and stir over low heat until slightly thickened, but do not let boil.  Serve  hot or chilled.   
Brown the second side.  Serve  on a plate, covered, so it will keep warm while your mother enjoys her strawberries first.   
She slipped the elastic cord under her chin . The guests were  served  hearty Irish food : scalloped potatoes , corn beef , green peas , and milk .   
Drop by spoonfuls on waxed paper . Let cool at room temperature before  serving  or storing .   
With brown sugar: Omit the honey and use 2 tablespoons of brown sugar. With chili sauce: Add a bit of chili sauce just before you  serve .   
Before you see the pineapple tank, you know where you are by the sweet smell of sun-ripened pineapple being simmered in sugar syrup or processed into its own naturally sweet juice. On interisland flights between Honolulu and the neighbor islands, stewardesses on all flights  serve  free pineapple juice.   
At supper I requested the hunters to lower their voices , so she was not disturbed ; and it was not till next morning that she made her appearance . It had been my intention to have her meals  served  apart , but Wolf Larsen put down his foot .   
Sprinkle with chopped parsley .  Serves  3 to 5 .   
He realized that he was talking too much , almost boasting , and compelled himself to change the subject . In a few moments , the first and third lieutenants came in and the dinner was  served  .   
Cover and cook over very low heat until squabs are done about 1-1/4 hours. Cut the meat from the squabs into bite-size pieces and  serve  in the soup. Serves 6 to 8 .   
Completing his " education " in Minnesota , he took a room in early March at a boardinghouse in Milwaukee , where eight different locations were important to his legend . The morning of March 9 the cook  served  a good breakfast .   
Add mussels and / or clams and heat through.  Serve  in large, heated soup plates with toasted Italian garlic bread. Serves 6 to 8 .   
I know Angelique. I  serve  his tray in the lounge and I eat in my room with the folding doors open.   
Hard lines to have to give up such prizes, though. "He sat in the armchair under the vent, waiting for Sangh to  serve  lunch while Merewether finished his report and locked it away in the strongbox."   
Probably it was easier to lose one's parents and be left entirely alone than to be a step-stepchild who wasn't wanted . When the pie was  served  Stan took one taste and rolled his eyes ecstatically .   
With parsley: Add 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley to the potatoes after they have been riced. With chives: Add 2 tablespoons of chopped chives to the riced potatoes and sprinkle chopped parsley on top when you  serve  them.   
This swamp creature has been a prized delicacy in the gritty, industrial suburbs south of Detroit since the 1800s. But last month state food regulators banned Johnny Kolakowski from  serving  his $5 muskrat dinners at the Indian Lanes bowling alley because the meat isn't officially inspected.   
Add minced clams and heat through . Add a pat of butter before  serving  and top with a few grindings of pepper and a sprinkling of chopped parsley . Serves 2 to 4 .   
Chill until firm. Break up with a fork and  serve  in chilled soup cups. Garnish each cup with a sprig of parsley, and serve with lemon wedges. Serves 6 .   
One was white , made of rice cooked in milk and spiced with almonds , marmalade , and white raisins ; another was burnt gold in color , wheat grains flavored with buckwheat honey and dates ; the third was black , prepared by soaking rice in dark plum juice and garnishing it with prunes and black currants . The three puddings were made into loaves and  served  with highly flavored fruit and berry sauce , representing the product of the orchard .   
Discard bouquet garni , taste for seasoning , and add the chopped parsley .  Serves  8 .   
Soak in Vinaigrette Sauce (page 111, v4) for 1 or 2 hours.  Serve  in a salad or with mayonnaise.   
" I only weigh a hundred pounds . " It was typical of the Smith household that the bathroom scales on which Jenny weighed herself were American , while the lacquered bowls in which much of the food was  served  were Japanese . Jenny Kimura and her mother could use a knife and fork quite as well as they could use chopsticks , and the table appointments were varied according to the food served .   
Put the slices into the frying pan and baste with the sauce until the slices are well covered . Warm through ( but don't boil ) before  serving  .   
The best bananas are ripe bananas. It should be unnecessary to make such a statement, but strangely enough, many people  serve  the fruit while it still has a green tinge at the tip of the skin.   
Everybody was already in the kitchen when we got there . Joe sat down at the table and I  served  him . The women didn't sit at the table with the men on that day , they served their men .   
It might be worth it . Incompetent sales clerks are not likely to make a store popular , and a smelly restaurant does not establish an atmosphere of comfort and confidence in what foods are going to be  served  .   
The fraud was therefore a vocal one , and any experience I had , beyond what the others sensed , might have been due to my having received some hallucinogen drug . The Fenwicks had  served  our meal between them , and Giles had carried my coffee across the terrace when we rearranged the chairs .   
Add a little chopped garlic and a touch of Worcestershire Sauce to them as they cook.  Serve  with potatoes cooked in their jackets and a bowl of sour cream and chopped chives to dress the potatoes.   
Add thyme and season with salt and pepper .  Serves  4 .   
Ignite and carry to the table blazing.  Serve  poached pears topped with vanilla ice cream and crushed raspberries or raspberry syrup. Serve poached pears topped with vanilla ice cream and hot chocolate sauce.   
Garnish with whole berries or fresh mint leaves .  Serves  6 .   
Despite scare stories, he reassures them, the radioactive fallout from Chernobyl wasn't that bad in Germany. It is safe to eat the local vegetables, drink the milk and  serve  the mushrooms, he adds, and anyone worried about wild game can marinate it a few days in vinegar to cleanse it.   
Cut stale bread into small cubes and bake slowly in a dg275 oven until crisp and well browned.  Serve  these with soup. If you wish to serve the croutons with vegetables or noodles, after browning them in the oven saute them in hot butter until they are sizzling hot and buttery.   
Heat , but do not boil .  Serves  8 .   
Add the meat and simmer for 1/2 hour, covered.  Serve  with rice pilaff, crisp French-fried onions, chutney, toasted almonds, grated coconut, raisins soaked in cognac and crisp, crumbled bacon.   
He was perhaps the best cook of Afghan food around . Prior to Tawab's dining with us , we had regularly been  served  dishes that were Western whenever we entertained .   
Garnish each  serving  with a dollop of salted whipped cream , if desired . Serves 6 to 8 .   
En brochette simply means broiled on skewers. Allow 2 kidneys and 4 large mushrooms per skewer and  serve  1 skewer per person.   
Pour the pudding mixture into the baking dish, scraping the bowl clean with a rubber spatula; set dish into a pan of warm water and bake in a preheated dg350 oven for approximately 30 minutes, or until the pudding is firm. Remove with two pot holders and  serve  hot.   
Place the potato cubes in a large bowl, add the chopped vegetables, bind with mayonnaise and season with salt and pepper, if necessary.  Serve  in a salad bowl and top with more mayonnaise.   
This should not take more than 15 minutes.  Serve  with chopped parsley, additional butter if necessary, and lemon wedges.   
Return cabbage rolls to casserole, cover, and place in dg350 F. oven or over fire until whole is well heated, about 15 minutes. To  serve , remove cover. If contents are to be served on platter , dish up sarma , and garnish with sour cream as described .   
Much social drinking today has ritualistic overtones the champagne toast to the bride and groom, for instance, or even the cocktail party. Many people  serve  drinks in a way that is fundamentally ritualistic, though it is unlikely that they would think of it in that manner.   
Then she has to make lunch , wash the dishes , and do the shopping . By then it's time to start dinner preparing it ,  serving  it , and cleaning up afterward .   
Place in a hot oven to melt and brown the cheese .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Further, we adopted a policy of asking only one Excellency at a time so that he could sit at my wife's right and enjoy the nice warm feeling of being superior to everyone else. In many areas of our rural South, and perhaps in other parts of the country, the women do not sit down to eat with the men, but  serve  them first.   
Max said as he drifted off to sleep on the ride back to Dean's Hotel . The next morning at the hotel we were  served  hot tea and biscuits by a distinguished-looking gentleman in a white uniform and turban .   
The flavors are complementary , but the tomato seems to make the salad watery . I suggest  serving  sliced tomatoes or tiny peeled whole tomatoes on the side . The most common mistake people make with avocados is serving them before they are fully ripe .   
Once more the character of the passengers changed , and Jenny found herself in a plane full of dark-suited businessmen with briefcases . The stewardesses were kept busy  serving  drinks , and Jenny was left quite alone .   
If the guests are careful, they can open the top of the box, which is now the back of the covered wagon, and take out the raisins without ruining the favor. Conestoga-Wagon Place Card: If you  serve  your guests at a table, you can use these toy wagons as place cards and give different prizes.   
The Carnivore, like several other restaurants here, is the place for gourmands seeking what might be called gnu-velle cuisine, people likely to ask "where's the beast?" Actually, most of the game meats  served  with some regularity in Africa are farmed for that purpose, with some supplementing from animals culled from overpopulated herds.   
Then turn it upside down to invert the contents on a large platter.  Serve  with rice pilaff and tomato salad.   
Sprinkle with a few drops of lemon juice and add the flaked fish.  Serve  very cold in chilled soup cups, garnished with snipped dill or parsley. Serves 4 to 6 .   
While in the refrigerator , the pie must be covered with waxed paper . Fifth : To garnish the pie before  serving  , whip 1 cup heavy cream until stiff .   
Graduation day is a big milestone in your lives and some celebration is certainly indicated . Why not invite a good-sized group of your friends for late supper at your house ,  served  in buffet style ?   
Some of the bars on the list have substantial problems of violent crime. RECAP has ideas for how the bars can reduce such crime (such as not admitting or not  serving  intoxicated customers).   
Remove from heat and sprinkle with chervil . Top each  serving  with a spoonful of sour cream and sprinkle with a few drops of lemon juice . Serves 4 to 6 .   
Fold in 3/4 cup whipped cream and hide single almond somewhere in mixture. To  serve , decorate with swirls of remaining whipped cream and red and green maraschino cherries if desired.   
Simmer until the mixture reaches the consistency of heavy cream about 1 hour . Just before  serving  , add the stuffed crayfish heads and heat through .   
For a while I saw no pigeons , but then I found a large flock that roosted under the eaves of the Bishop Museum , apparently going out to forage in the countryside during the day . One summer in San Juan , Puerto Rico , the hotel where I stayed  served  breakfast on an outdoor terrace , and the charming little Puerto Rican honeycreepers invaded the tables to get tidbits from the guests .   
Taste for seasoning .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Remove popovers from the oven with two pot holders and take from pan with fingers protected by a napkin.  Serve  them piping hot.   
Buy whole cooked or uncooked hard-shell crabs, allowing 1 per person unless they are the exceptionally large crabs from the Pacific Northwest. In that case, one crab will probably  serve  two persons.   
Stir the mixture into balance of soup.  Serve  piping hot, with a boiled potato in each soup plate.   
Stir lemon juice into soup and chill.  Serve  with a selection of the following garnishes: thin slices of raw apple, thin lemon slices, slivered almonds, chopped fresh parsley, snipped chives, fresh mint leaves. Serves 4 to 6 .   
" Fresh lemonade, " said Mom, as she filled the children's cups. " Did you ever see circus-cart ice cream? " asked Sue as she helped  serve  dessert.   
They were always bossing me around . There was still a little time until Christmas supper would be  served  .   
Stir in the chopped parsley and chopped onion.  Serve  with slices of frankfurters in each bowl (simmer the frankfurters for 15 minutes and then slice), or with slices of garlic sausage (simmered for 30 minutes and then sliced).   
Garnish with croutons .  Serves  4 .   
Heat at a simmer.  Serve  in a separate dish so that those who want some may help themselves.   
She smiled a beautiful bland smile at the empty stage, and the boy struggled past her large pale knees and then past Evie's, muttering all the time. " You'd think they would  serve  popcorn, " Violet said calmly.   
Later, the Romans planted the fields of Tuscany abundantly with anise to supply high demand for food flavoring, medical additives and perfumes. Roman cooks made cakes of anise meal and other aromatic herbs to  serve  following rich entertainments and wedding feasts.   
Mix oil , vinegar , salt and pepper and pour over the salads .  Serves  10 .   
Strain into a clean pan and gently reheat.  Serve  in heated soup plates, with Melba toast and thin lemon slices. Serves 4 .   
If your party is small, make cupcakes, putting one of these three ingredients into three of the cupcakes. Mark these cupcakes with toothpicks so that you will be sure to  serve  them. If you bake a big cake, and do not serve the entire cake, the part of the cake with the " fortunes " in it may remain uneaten.   
Cook over low heat for 30 minutes . Add the eggs before  serving  , and sprinkle with chopped parsley . Serves 6 .   
Shake the pan occasionally to be sure the potatoes are not sticking and are cooking evenly.  Serve  with a sprinkling of chopped parsley or chopped chives and parsley mixed.   
We left the nice young Thai family reluctantly , but the lunch did prove sumptuous . I hadn't the slightest idea what we were eating , but it certainly tasted different from what they  served  at the hotel .   
In this age of moderation, the popularity of a cocktail mix surprised several marketers. But these, made by Coca-Cola, can be  served  with or without alcohol.   
The witch suspected no evil , and her mouth watered to taste the new dish , so she went into the kitchen to prepare it herself . When it was ready she could not wait till it was  served  at the table but immediately took a couple of leaves and put them in her mouth .   
Garnish with finely chopped nuts .  Serves  6 .   
Garnish with olive slices or chopped parsley .  Serves  6 .   
Season with salt and pepper and reheat .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
LUTTE OUVRIERE, Paris The following letter was written to Le Monde by M. Roger Errera, a senior official of the Conseil d'Etat, France's highest advisory body to the government in legislative matters. Allow me to make a few clarifying comments of a legal nature on the facts presented in your recent article concerning a certain cafe in the Latin Quarter which refuses to  serve  blacks.   
These tiny birds weigh only about 1 pound each.  Serve  one to a person.   
Top with a sprinkling of chopped parsley .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
Will keep in refrigerator overnight , but no longer .  Serves  4 to 6 .   
About 15 minutes before cooking time is up, add the cabbage. Strain and  serve  the broth as the first course.   
If you overcook, the meat will be dry and half the flavor gone.  Serve  Roast Stuffed Turkey with sauteed tiny white onions, mashed potatoes and Giblet Sauce made with the turkey giblets and neck (see page 111).   
This will take approximately 5 minutes . If potatoes are not  served  immediately , add 1/4 cup of water , cover , and keep on warm burner . Evaporate water before serving . Serves 8 .   
Then proceed as for regular noodles (see above). Cook and  serve  green noodles as you would white noodles.   
Stir in the heavy cream.  Serve  hot, garnished with croutons. Serves 4 to 6 .   
It was an ad for wine. The friend played a maid,  serving  wine to blonds.   
Real sales are restaurant sales after excluding the effect of additional outlets and price increases. In this case, Wendy's also excluded breakfast sales, as most of its restaurants have stopped  serving  breakfast.   
Note Originally , this typical North American dish was made of corn and kidney beans , and cooked in bear grease . The Pilgrims added various meats and  served  the dish as a meal in itself .   
MFS Multimarket Income Trust, a closed-end investment trust, said it sold 110 million shares of beneficial interest at $10 a share for a total of $1.1 billion, one of the largest initial public offerings in the U.S. MFS Multimarket, for which Massachusetts Financial Services Co. will  serve  as adviser, invests in a variety of investment vehicles to obtain a high level of current income.   
" Having got rid of McClellan does not seem to satisfy them ( Stanton and Halleck ) , " Major Wainwright noted . " They would have every man killed off that ever  served  under him . "   
His other books are A Kind of Homecoming and Choice of Straws . From 1960 to 1966 he  served  in France with the World Veterans Federation and with UNESCO .   
Mr. Weaver, 52 years old, succeeds Edward R. Farley Jr., the company's 67-year-old chairman and chief executive, who retired. Mr. Farley will continue to  serve  as a director.   
" Mother did take an active part in the Sunday school work , though . She didn't teach a class , but she  served  on a number of committees . Once she called on a woman who had just moved to town, to ask her to serve on a fund-raising committee.   
He was shortly chosen president of the executive council of Pennsylvania . While  serving  in this capacity , he was chosen a member of the Constitutional Convention which met in May 1787 .   
It might have remained just that , remote and shrouded in mystery like the nearby biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorah , had it not been for the dream of one man : Dr. Yigael Yadin , professor of archeology at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . Yadin , today a quiet , 50-year-old scholar , was Chief of Operations during Israel's 1948 war for independence , then  served  as Israeli Chief of Staff until he resigned in 1952 .   
Every team put in $1,500 a year for each player into the pension fund , a figure matched by the player . In the event of disputes over salary , Campbell  served  as a mediator if either party requested arbitration and the owners felt he generally gave the player the benefit of the doubt .   
Most of the children have received little medical or dental attention . Some 750 high-minded physicians like Dr. Kruger will soon be  serving  in 41 such Office of Economic Opportunity Healthright centers around the nation .   
Sorge and Ott had hit it off from the start . Both men had  served  on the Western Front , and both loved chess .   
I shared with Dr. Jones the feeling that this present chapter in his life may well be climaxed by his presence and witness for Christ at the World Ashram Congress in Jerusalem and Galilee, June 25-29, 1972 five days of Ashram Fellowship with people from many countries six days of walking where Jesus walked in touring Israel and Jordan, and a climactic communion service at the Sea of Galilee. I am grateful for the privilege to  serve  as chairman of this world event.   
Trimedyne, a maker of fiber-optic catheters for diagnostic use, didn't give a reason for Mr. Henson's resignation, and the 41-year-old executive couldn't be reached for comment. Richard Randall, executive vice president and general manager of the company's Medical Laser unit, will  serve  as acting president and chief executive beginning Jan. 31 until a replacement is found, Trimedyne said. Mr. Henson, who has served as president and chief executive officer since 1983, has agreed to remain a director until Feb. 28 or until a replacement is selected, the company said.   
Finally , Wilcox concluded , a professional director would be haunted by " the constant specter of conflict of interest . " So Wilcox decided to accept an offer to become vice chairman of Eastman Dillon , Union Securities & Co. , and continue  serving  on boards ( currently seven ) as a sideline .   
On Friday, Mr. Fowler, who has championed broadcasting and telecommunications deregulation, informed President Reagan that he intended to resign this spring. Mr. Fowler, who has  served  for nearly six years, said, "There's a natural breaking point in life; it's time to move on."   
Small-business owners who haven't paid such political dues "will find it tough," he advises. Paul Farago, a Pawtucket, R.I., maker of small parts used in assembling wires and cables, has the advantage of  serving  as Sen. Robert Dole's finance chairman in a small state with a relatively simple delegate-selection process, thus gaining an inside track to a delegate's slot.   
In another recommendation reflecting the view of U.S. industry, the academy report also advises the Commerce and State departments to regain "leadership" it says they have lost to the Pentagon in forming export-control policies. Mr. Allen, a former Air Force chief of staff who now  serves  as vice president of the California Institute of Technology, said that while the Pentagon has done a "commendable" job in taking an early initiative on the issue, the U.S. now must reassess its policies.   
The department will receive public comment on the plan for 45 days, and then will make an official proposal. Any new rules would supplement existing ones that bar pilots, flight engineers and attendants from  serving  as crew members within eight hours of drinking, while under the influence of alcohol, or while using a drug that can hurt their performance.   
A federal judge appointed Eugene Anderson, a former assistant U.S. attorney in Manhattan, as trustee for the city's primary concrete workers union. Mr. Anderson, a partner at Anderson, Russell, Kill & Olick in New York, will  serve  from April 6, 1987 to late 1990.   
Being the only American with whom Vergennes cared to deal , the chief burden of the negotiations with the French government fell to him . He also  served  virtually as consul , judge of admiralty , and director of naval affairs .   
The proposal died for lack of a second. Mr. Henkel's nomination was pushed by former Sen. Mack Mattingly, a Georgia Republican who  served  on the Senate Banking Committee.   
And his budget-cutting efforts often were thwarted by members of Congress determined to shield politically popular transit programs. Before becoming UMTA administrator, he  served  as chief of staff to Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole, and special assistant to former Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis.   
And they're getting healthy pay. Doctors  serving  as chief executives of industrial companies earn on average $133,000 a year.   
In his fiction Hemingway faced the truth, as he wouldn't in his life. In a story he numbered among his favorites, "In Another Country," the protagonist, a patient in a Milan hospital after being wounded in World War I, modestly knows that his medals were awarded only "because I was an American"  serving  with Italian forces.   
Mr. Ribicoff, a former U.S. senator from Connecticut, declined comment other than to say, "it speaks for itself." He added that he wanted to leave the Warner board after three years, which is how long he has  served .   
Mr. Gates was named acting director after former Director William Casey resigned. He had  served  as deputy director since last year, and before that he served more than four years as deputy director for intelligence.   
They argue that in mid-1984, the CIA in fact turned the Contra war over to Col. North and the National Security Council. Unable to use full-time CIA professionals, this theory goes, Col. North turned to a network of former and part-time CIA and Pentagon employees, such as Thomas Clines, a former CIA officer who  served  in Miami in the 1960s.   
In Cleveland , a number of former engineering executives have become taxi drivers . And some of Monsignor McCarthy's parishioners in Palos Verdes are driving trucks ,  serving  as floorwalkers in department stores , or tending gasoline pumps .   
Unarmed pilgrims would be welcome at the Holy Places; unarmed infidels might trade in the Christian ports. As a parting present Saladin added that not more than four Latin priests might  serve  in the Holy Sepulchre.   
These students represented about one-tenth of the midshipmen then in the Navy . Each was required to have  served  three years at sea .   
At Albany , he overtook Chauncey who was returning to Sackets Harbor from New York . Although both men had  served  in the Mediterranean squadrons years before , they now met for the first time .   
Just as many jurors have come to suspect, this duty really is becoming more of a bureaucratic nightmare. Those who actually  serve  on juries often walk away with renewed confidence in the system and say their experience was remarkably rewarding.   
"Everybody appreciates a good joke," he points out, "but only another attorney appreciates a well-drafted debenture agreement." Bill King, the comedian who  serves  as emcee for the contest, says many of the entrants are better performers than some of the amateur comics who test their skills at "open-mike" nights.   
He would recognise the present frontier of the Christians, and in addition cede to them the harbour of Beirut on condition they did not fortify it. The Holy Places would be open to Latin pilgrims, and Latin priests might  serve  in them.   
He burst into a room where they were all assembled , but no one knew who he was . Only his bride , who was  serving  as cook to her sisters , recognized him at once .   
The seventeen years that followed his commission as brevet second lieutenant of engineers were such as might have been spent by any young officer of that service who combined a fine presence with social graces , exemplary conduct , energy , and ability . After seventeen months of work on Fort Pulaski , Cockspur Island , Ga . , he  served  as assistant engineer at Fort Monroe , Va . , from May 1831 to November 1834 .   
In an important sense, Ronald Reagan is profoundly fortunate in attracting as distinguished an American as Howard Baker as chief of staff. With Drew Lewis and Paul Laxalt turning down the job, the administration was able to come up with an appointee who has highly plausible qualifications to  serve  in the presidency itself.   
It had on board Captain Robert Gorges, son of Sir Ferdinando, who had brought along a shipload of immigrants, a patent to a large tract of land just to the north, and a commission from the Council for New England " to be generall Governor of ye cuntrie. " Bradford was to be deprived of office, though he was to  serve  temporarily as an assistant.   
I was challenged by the campaign, but I didn't have the enthusiasm" for another term, he says. Something is wrong with the "world's greatest deliberative body" when a senior committee chairman declares that he enjoys campaigning but not actually  serving  in office.   
Only once in a while did something get into the papers when the person involved was prominent . An editor got indignant when a man by the name of Jones casually murdered a famous Chickasaw warrior and councilor , Emubby , who had  served  with General Jackson in many campaigns .   
Mr. Kennedy, a 31-year veteran of Union Carbide, was elected president and chief executive in April 1986. He had previously  served  as a corporate senior vice president and as executive vice president and group president for chemicals and plastics.   
Dogs were used in all theaters of operation , from North Africa to Germany and from the Solomon Islands to Japan . Altogether , more than 250,000 dogs  served  with the armies of the Allied and Axis powers .   
In 1879 he was made the first director of the Smithsonian's Bureau of Ethnology , which he founded . He had already helped to found the United States Geological Survey , under the Department of the Interior , and  served  as its second director .   
As previously reported, Iran has threatened to flood the world market with cheap oil if it isn't a party to a final agreement. Despite assertions by industry specialists that the Iranian fields aren't capable of producing oil in such quantities, the Iranian declaration made at the OPEC council table offended even Arturo Hernandez Grisanti of Venezuela, a moderate minister who is  serving  as a mediator between the widely divergent Iranian and Arab factions.   
" He resigned. The whole staff of the Survey Department then followed suit, refusing to  serve  under a deputy who had successfully intrigued in London to oust Light and to succeed him.   
Throughout his career as a Revolutionary patriot he emphasized "rights as derived from the laws of nature," not a king; and here, as elsewhere, he strove for the "revindication of Saxon liberties" (Chinard, Commonplace Book, p57). Elected by the Virginia convention to  serve  in Congress in case Peyton Randolph should be required at home, Jefferson sat in that body during the summer and autumn of 1775.   
Stupid me! After three issues, I was asked to  serve  on the board of the MSB because of an editorial on " Diplomacy ". Since the organized blind chose to neither endorse nor oppose my election, I serve as an independent.   
The following explanation to his father-in-law is the main source of our knowledge of Hamilton's single personal difference with Washington . He had  served  at headquarters four years , much of that time " as the principal and most confidential aid of the Commander in Chief . "   
Adds Barbara Hackman Franklin, a corporate director who heads the government and business program at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia: "It sounds like an awkward situation at best." Ms. Malone, who is black and  serves  on the boards of several other big companies, defends her decision.   
Yutaro Hayashi, 51 years old, was named president and chief executive officer of Mitsui Manufacturers Bank, effective immediately. He succeeds the retiring 65-year-old Leonard Weil, who will  serve  as president emeritus.   
Mr. DeMuth is a young, widely respected lawyer and free-market economist. Early in the Reagan administration he  served  as the OMB associate director in charge of putting some brakes on federal regulation.   
The government had to rent slaves from their owners and used them as army laborers. At the same time it exempted one white man for every plantation of fifteen slaves or more to  serve  as overseer.   
The center, which is to house several art galleries and two theaters, as well as studios and offices, will be known as the Wexner Center for the Visual Arts. Mr. Wexner, who was graduated from Ohio State in 1959,  serves  as chairman of the Ohio State University Foundation, which raises money for the university.   
The panel also named Paul Barbadoro, an attorney in the Concord, N.H., law firm of Orr & Reno, as deputy counsel. Mr. Liman, 54 years old, has relatively brief experience as a prosecutor, having  served  from 1961 to 1963 as an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York.   
Mr. Tacke, who has been a director since 1969, worked his way through the company mostly in the electronics systems group, where he was senior vice president in charge of that group from 1977 to 1983, when he was elected president and chief operating officer. Mr. Dixon will continue as chairman emeritus, a director, and will  serve  as a consultant to the company.   
Aunt Edmee had gone to France several years earlier with the Beauharnais family. She had met them in Martinique when the Marquis de Beauharnais went there to  serve  as governor and lieutenant-general of the Windward Isles.   
Moleculon, which makes a product that allows drugs to be absorbed through patches affixed to the skin, said the $28 million purchase is expected to be completed in November, provided shareholders authorize an increase in common shares and the issuance of the preferred stock. Faulding is to name two representatives to  serve  on Moleculon's board, which will be expanded to six members.   
With acquisition of the Systems Programming Div . of Digitek , Ryan-McFarland got all contracts , warranties and maintenance rights for existing customers . Ryan formed Digitek in 1961 with Jim Dunlap , who  served  as its president for eight years .   
Now I wonder which of them it was we was talking to ? " Back at the boardinghouse that night at supper , I found out from my landlady that the lawyer we'd met was Mr. Lincoln , his partner being out of town ,  serving  in the Congress in Washington .   
He did not mind being poor , he said , for people with small incomes were as happy as those with fortunes . For eight years , from Mar. 17 , 1892 , he  served  on the circuit court .   
It had nearly proved fatal to me also . And Falconbridge was  serving  on the better class of English slaver .   
Next Monday, the Supreme Court of Ontario will hear Mr. Pezim's request to have five Corona directors removed and replaced with his nominees or with court-appointees. Mr. Pezim, who helped found the company, vowed to press his feud against management, saying the board broke an agreement under which he was to have continued to  serve  in an "executive position."   
He will report directly to A.W. Clausen, BankAmerica's chairman and chief executive. He also will  serve  on the company's managing and money and loan committees.   
This group eventually took over the management of the schools organized by the Quaker women , the first Quaker school becoming New York City's P.S. One . Elsewhere Quakers helped to press for the establishment of public schools and sometimes  served  on school boards .   
Mr. Carmichael, 41 years old, succeeds Richard L. Phillips, 60, who is retiring. Mr. Phillips was appointed chairman emeritus of Shelby and will  serve  as a consultant to the company.   
Philips , based in Dayton , Ohio , manufactures components for the mobile-home industry , and its revenues of $186,700,000 in its latest fiscal year were about as much as I. B. M. takes in every eight days . Why did Learson , who also  serves  on the board of such giants as Standard Oil ( N.J. ) , become a director of a relatively small company ?   
He worked with Mr. Boesky as a trader at Edwards & Hanly in the early 1970s, before joining a predecessor of Seemala in 1975. He became a senior vice president in charge of trading for several Boesky entities and  served  on Seemala's executive committee.   
" He jabbed a blunt forefinger at Curt's chest . " But you ain't even  served  in the Army ain't had even that much training in taking care of yourself .   
Even though the subsequent conviction of Mr. Italiano allowed Mr. Merkle to claim another victory, the attack on Mr. Merkle by an incumbent governor could be a serious threat. The prosecutor's four-year term ran out a year ago, so he is  serving  at the pleasure of President Reagan.   
Mr. Carter, like Mr. Reagan, believed prior notification to Congress risked revelations that would have jeopardized the lives of those involved in these operations. After  serving  two years on the House Intelligence Committee, I can understand the president's concern about leaks.   
" Did your vessel leave the coast in the day or the night ? " The question was put by a member of the Committee to Dr Thomas Trotter , who had  served  as surgeon on board the Liverpool slaver Brookes 9 between Cape Palmas and Anamabu in the years 1783 and 1784 .   
As a young man he lived in a home for tramps in Vienna , doing odd jobs and painting poor pictures . In the First World War he  served  in the German Army , and rose to the rank of corporal .   
" Some mothers blamed the press and the government for their sons' anxieties . " What the hell's the matter with America ? " angrily exclaimed Mrs. George Mauro of Brooklyn , whose son , Robert , had  served  in Calley's platoon . "   
In 1841 , Pennsylvania Hospital opened an institution for the care of the insane in West Philadelphia with Dr. Thomas Kirkbride , a Quaker , as its first superintendent . Dr. Kirkbride had  served  as a resident physician at Friends Hospital in Frankford , and was eager to try the experiment of using " moral suasion " rather than mechanical restraint at the new Pennsylvania Institute .   
These victories were relatively small and local, but they proved inspiring. Men enlisted, proud to  serve  under a brilliant general in the cause of freedom.   
He had also become interested in politics and joined the Republican Party . In the fall of 1881 , he was elected to the New York state legislature , where he  served  three terms .   
Maurice Dolbier grew up in Skowhegan , Maine , and attended the Whitehouse Academy of Dramatic Arts in Boston , Massachusetts , before embarking on a career as an actor . He later turned to radio broadcasting in Bangor , Maine , where he  served  as writer , producer , and program director .   
With the stock now at about $64.50, his paper profit is about $2.1 million. He also  serves  as a Viratek director, receives $25,000 a year as a consultant and gets royalties for sales of the misting device.   
Alice heard of the service and the committee and their plans. She knew they were considering sending an American nurse overseas to  serve  with the British Army; that nurse would be called the Edith Cavell Memorial Nurse.   
As secretary of state , Clay was thoroughly loyal throughout to the Administration . He  served  the full term and perhaps never spent a more miserable and uninteresting four years in all his life .   
She was supposed to have eight huge , fifteen-inch guns , but when she arrived in Casablanca from Lorient she only had four . They were all in a single turret on the foredeck and it was in that turret that my father  served  .   
The success of Erhard's gamble earned him the position of secretary of economics in West Germany's first government. There he  served  under Konrad Adenauer, who himself was an amateur in economics but an astute politician.   
Some of these groups, meanwhile, also are moving well beyond simply contributing. The home builders, for example, are attempting to increase the number of its members who  served  as delegates to the 1984 presidential conventions to about 150 delegates from the roughly 80 elected four years ago.   
KaiserTech didn't name successors for Mr. Maier in his posts at the parent. The company said Mr. Maier will remain a director and member of the executive committees of KaiserTech and Kaiser Aluminum, and will  serve  as a consultant to both companies through 1992.   
Tracor was picked from a list of about 137 companies, Mr. Inman said. He had  served  on Tracor's board until June, when he found the company to be one of 24 on his final list of potential acquisitions, he said.   
A round robin , signed by 63 Moscow and Leningrad writers , urges the party to obtain the release of the writers . A member of the Moscow University faculty who  served  as a defense witness at the trial is dismissed , and 18 of his colleagues protest .   
Two of the passengers on this trip were the brothers John and Charles Wesley, founders of the Methodist Church. The trustees asked John to  serve  as chaplain to the new colony, and Charles functioned as Oglethorpe's secretary for a time.   
" It was me who was chasing them . " An aggressive player who had made a study of his craft , he was inserted by Muzz Patrick into the Ranger front office where he  served  as assistant general manager .   
But while the Contras can't defeat the Sandinistas militarily, their eventual disappearance might nevertheless jar the regional balance of power. "My guess is the Sandinistas would not return to their old ways immediately," comments a ranking U.S. diplomat  serving  in Central America.   
Now royal troops were taking over. But the more he heard of Forbes the more he wished to  serve  under him.   
However, the dollar showed some resiliency in early trading today in Tokyo, where the U.S. currency was quoted at 143.18 yen. It had been widely expected among market participants that Mr. Volcker would  serve  a third four-year term as Fed chief.   
As I recollect Garibaldi's terribly difficult not to say complicated lineage , his English mother had presented him to his Italian father in the country of France . However this trilogy may be , he had  served  at various times in the Italian , French and English armies .   
He gazed at crowded rows of wounded troops sprawling around the inside walls : a hellhole of bawling , bleeding , rattling , writhing , gangrenous , groaning Federals and Confederates . Negroes ,  serving  as stretcher-bearers and sawbones' assistants , scampered to and fro .   
Often the captain is a natural leader . He receives a bonus for  serving  in this capacity , which gives him a major privilege over the other players .   
He bases his hope on statistics he cites suggesting that the administration has done well so far in keeping presidential appointees on the job. Mr. Tuttle's office says cabinet secretaries in the Reagan administration have  served  an average of 41 months, longer than the average in the Carter administration or the combined Nixon-Ford and Kennedy-Johnson administrations.   
I call it a gift from heaven. When the United States entered World War I in April 1917, I was determined to  serve  as an aviator.   
Butch worked extensively on a conservation project and devoted over 40 hours to community service . He also  served  as patrol leader for six months and attained the rank of life scout .   
They are pondering whether to approach the challenges and headaches of a separate , sovereign Micronesia or to seek assimilation within the boundaries of their powerful but often distracted guardian America . Soon , the islanders will choose one of these courses , thereby finally determining the shape of their future . ( P. F. Kluge  served  two years with the Peace Corps in Micronesia .   
" As an undergraduate Dr. McIntyre had been an enthusiastic member of the Dartmouth Outing Club . While  serving  as an army surgeon in Korea he had learned to fly helicopters .   
One viewer fired off a telegram saying : " Wallace is pimping for the protesters . " A New York Times survey of some GI'S  serving  in the Quang Ngai area near My Lai 4 found wholesale resistance to the idea that Charlie Company had massacred some civilians .   
"I have nothing but the utmost respect for Maurice Segall, and I'll continue to take his money at poker," Mr. Sherman said. Until a successor is named, Mr. Segall will  serve  as acting chairman of the division.   
Mr. Proxmire would preside over confirmation hearings for Mr. Henkel if he is renominated by President Reagan. Because he was appointed while the Senate wasn't in session, Mr. Henkel  serves  without confirmation.   
Mr. Pearson, at a news conference before the annual meeting, predicted Mellon "will be in the black" again by year's end. The 75-year-old executive, who  serves  as financial adviser to billionaire Paul Mellon and has been a director of the bank since 1972, also stressed he will serve as chairman only until a successor to Mr. Barnes is named.   
The recommendation on Electro-Biology's device, made by a panel of orthopedic specialists appointed by the FDA, was based on a review of follow-up clinical data on patients treated by the device before 1979. "The panel reviewed data and concluded the effectiveness of the device cannot be established," said Nirmal K. Mishra, an FDA official, who  serves  as secretary to the advisory panel.   
And the thing that drives you absolutely crazy is that he's still got some sort of a reputation that dates back to the people he was associated with before the Depression . " In his early years Gordon had  served  on the staffs of some of the most prominent psychoanalysts in the country , but had never blazed any rails himself .   
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Barris closed at $7.75 a share, up $1. Burt Sugarman, chairman and chief executive officer of Barris and Giant, said Guber-Peters principles Jon Peters and Peter Guber will both  serve  in the new position of managing director of Barris, and have the option to become Barris co-presidents.   
Because Monnet is by nature so outgoing and friendly , he is a welcome figure in many capital cities ; and because he has never been connected with any particular political party , or sought personal power , he has no competitors and few enemies . In the First World War , Monnet was already working to promote Anglo-French cooperation with the United States , and for a time he  served  as deputy secretary to the League of Nations .   
Every time he traveled from Pretoria to Johannesburg on the Ben Schoeman Highway, he was reminded about what was expected of him. Naturally, it was expected that he eagerly  serve  his obligatory stint in the army.   
The letter cited the suit that Guinness brought against him and Ernest Saunders, Guinness's former chairman, in late March to recover the payment. "It would be inconsistent for me to continue to  serve  on the board pending final resolution of the disputes," the letter said.   
Mr. Vineyard is awaiting sentencing on a Jan. 30 federal court conviction for conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and for falsifying documents in order to receive loans from Key, the Bank Board said. Mr. Vineyard  served  as chairman of the thrift and resigned July 1 after he was indicted by a federal grand jury, according to the Bank Board.   
Arthur had to fish out his passport for the guards at each border, and the information on the passport was a bit of a fake. Had his true age and status been recorded, he could have been forced to  serve  in the Russian army.   
E. R. Braithwaite was born in Georgetown, British Guiana. He took a B. Sc. in Physics at New York University in 1942 before going to England to  serve  in the Royal Air Force from 1943 to 1946.   
The word spread like wildfire through the ship ; men who had carelessly diced away their pay an hour ago became tightfisted , debts were collected , and the liberty party sought goods thought to be in demand in China . These men were sophisticated ; they had  served  as slavers in Africa , touched every port in the West Indies and Central America .   
Knitting and hosiery guilds were formed which brought the standard of knitting to great perfection . Men  served  an apprenticeship of six years , three to learn , three to travel and study other methods and designs .   
After their freshman year , Yale undergraduates divide up into twelve residential colleges . The facilities available at each of the colleges were inventoried a while back by novelist John Hersey , who  served  as master of one of them , Pierson College , for five years .   
"She's so SLIM," sighs a woman who isn't. For the benefit of those people who have never seen "Wheel of Fortune" because it runs opposite "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour" in some cities, for the past 4 1/2 years Ms. White, 30, has  served  as "Wheel's" hostess/human mannequin/"letter turner" and has made her sole vocal contribution, "bye-bye," something of a byword.   
Tom was wrong in one thing : Bismarck wasn't an ass , whatever else he might be . In some ways he was like that outstanding idiot Cardigan , under whom I had  served  in the 11th Hussars , but only on the surface .   
In peace or war , every able-bodied man had to wear his national uniform . After  serving  a certain number of years , the men were discharged into a reserve .   
Niagara Mohawk Power Corp. said John G. Haehl Jr. has agreed to  serve  an additional year as chairman and chief executive officer.   
He succeeds August L. Streater, 65, who plans to retire Dec. 31. Mr. Streater will continue to  serve  on Franklin's board.   
Biographical notes are given only for the more important of those not numbered in the Pilgrim Company ( Appendix A ) . ( Post of deputy governor was created in 1680 . ) ( There was only one assistant governor , 1621-23 ; number increased to five in 1624 , to seven in 1633 . With exception of Allerton , names of those who  served  before 1633 are unknown , but there is ground for reasonable conjecture ( ) indicates probable years of service before 1633 .   
"To make something out of it, and to do a good deed." Mr. Clines's role in NSC staff operations appears to have come largely through Maj. Gen. Secord, and he  served  as a lieutenant of sorts to the retired Air Force officer.   
"A prolonged period of uncertainty would be harmful to the CIA, the intelligence community and potentially our national security," he wrote. In his written reply to Mr. Gates, the president described the 20-year CIA analyst as "a remarkably talented and dedicated man" and asked that he continue to  serve  as deputy director of the agency.   
Directors and officers control about 10.5% of CBI's common shares outstanding. The directors  serve  staggered terms and, a spokesman said, CBI has a poison pill provision designed to deter takeovers.   
When we returned to school this fall , there was a new face in the principal's office , Mr. Gary Coker . Before this year he had  served  on this staff as a Mobility Instructor .   
Claudine B. Malone faced an unusual dilemma when she learned in mid-February that Dart Group Corp. was considering a bid for Supermarkets General Corp. For eight years, the 50-year-old teacher and management consultant from McLean, Va., had  served  as an outside director on the boards of both companies.   
Mr. Wyman himself was criticized by Mr. Tisch for failing to move quickly enough to cut costs and streamline CBS in the face of weakening national advertising spending. CBS also settled with Peter Derow, who  served  as president of its publishing group through October 1986, the proxy revealed.   
But he became a soldier under the name of George Slant , a trooper in the cavalry . And he had  served  for more than a dozen years , in Wyoming , in Montana , and finally in New Mexico .   
Only 5% of the assets are held in cash reserves. He will  serve  the remaining three years of the 14-year term of Emmett Rice, who was nominated by President Carter.   
But for some, the low pay caused a real hardship. A free-lance word processor figured the two-week jury-duty stint would cost her $1,200; she, too, never got to  serve .   
Both of us were members of our naval academy classes of 1939 ; both of us finished submarine training and reported to our first submarines in 1941 . Both of us  served  on board submarines throughout World War II , beginning in subordinate capacities and finally concluding the war in command of our own boats .   
On the one hand, we revere the office and want to honor its holder. On the other hand, we also want to remind him he's just another citizen  serving  at our pleasure.   
Gold Fields said 28% of its shares are held by Minerals & Resources Corp., or Minarco, which is partially owned by the two South African mining companies. Two Minarco officials  serve  as non-executive directors on Gold Fields' board, but Gold Fields insists it is independent.   
On the way to our interview with Learson, now chairman and chief executive officer, and Frank T. Cary, the new president, we had considered some of the speculation that we had heard and read about the management changes. One rumor that is frequently heard is that Learson now 59 and thus six years from retirement would not  serve  that long but instead give way to Cary, perhaps in combination with George Beitzel or Gilbert Jones.   
News Corp. officials couldn't be reached for comment late yesterday, nor could Mr. Thomas, who was said by the company to be leaving to "pursue other interests." He will  serve  as a consultant to Harper & Row, which temporarily will be led by the two top executives of a British book publisher in which News Corp. holds a major stake.   
This must be the hottest day we've had . " Hyde , a dour , thin man who had  served  in the Navy a long time , gave him a queer look . "   
Some of them were sorely tempted to come out strongly for a European Security Conference , in order to sound as " forthcoming " as possible in the ears of their own peace-minded electorates . Old Socialist Pietro Nenni , who was  serving  briefly as Foreign Minister in a precarious Italian coalition , was one of these .   
Years of neglect and indiscriminate alteration had made the Constitution slow and logy , a " wet " sailer that shipped water in every breeze . Hull might have been willing to accept such conditions had he not  served  as lieutenant in the frigate when she was fresh from the ways .   
Langston found that the International Brigade was integrated . Negroes and whites  served  in mixed companies , with Negro officers having white soldiers under their command , too .   
Separately, the company said Thomas R. Wheelock, 40 years old, resigned as chief operating officer. Mr. Wheelock, who also  served  as executive vice president, was named to the position as chief operating officer on May 5.   
Penn Central also said that Herbert Winokur Jr. resigned as senior executive vice president and a director, and that Edward F. Kosnik resigned as executive vice president, chief financial officer and director. Mr. Winokur and Mr. Kosnik will  serve  as consultants to Penn Central.   
Mr. Reagan also named Frank Donatelli, a longtime Reagan political supporter and partner at the Washington law firm of Patton, Boggs & Blow, as White House political director. The 37-year-old Mr. Donatelli, who  served  as President Reagan's public-liaison chief from 1984 to 1985, succeeds Mitchell Daniels.   
Recognizing these positive reactions, hospital superintendents asked for more CO units. When there were not enough conscientious objectors to fill the need, young wives and sweethearts were recruited to  serve  in women's units.   
Election officials played the matter stonefaced. They certified the ballot count and declared the beast elected, then said that unfortunately the successful candidate could not  serve  under the law all public officials must be qualified voters who can read and write.   
That the Negro-American is coming on as a potent political force is revealed by the changes that have occurred since Moon made that statement . Justice Thurgood Marshall is a member of the Supreme Court , having  served  as solicitor general , the third-ranking post in the Department of Justice .   
The writer  served  as chief of rail cost and pricing policy at the ICC during 1980-81 and testified on behalf of the Justice Department in the SF-SP proceeding.   
Once you let world politics dictate the policies of the Olympics, where does it end? If the IOC has the right to dictate to South Africa on a matter of internal affairs, can it tell Russia that its athletes must not  serve  in the Russian army?   
It was this man who came to the throne on the death of Horemhab , dropping the definite article P at the beginning of his name and reigning as Ramesses I. Although he was the first King of the Nineteenth Dynasty ( 1304-1195 B. C. ) he was already old when he came to the throne and reigned for about twenty months . The real founder of this glorious dynasty , the restorer of Egypt's greatness , was Sethi I , his son , who had also  served  under Horemhab .   
Later, she returned to the company as controller. A certified public accountant and a Harvard-educated MBA, Ms. Malone  serves  mostly on the audit and finance committees of the boards she has joined. Last year she served on nine boards, including Limited Inc., Campbell Soup Co., Scott Paper Co. and Houghton Mifflin Co. According to 1986 proxy statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Ms. Malone received more than $93,000 in annual retainers for serving on the boards, plus additional fees of as much as $1,000 each time she attended a meeting.   
Eventually , he was sent to the county jail in Albuquerque , N. M. For two weeks he was locked in with 18 men , and fought with them for several days to avoid being gang-raped . " I hate to see the younger boys those 15 or 16 walk in here , " said Herschel Thomas , who  served  as superintendent of the Indiana Reformatory in 1968 and 1969 .   
But he would warn , " It takes adjustments to life , and maturity , to make a great musician . " He gave similar advice when he  served  as a judge each year for the " Audition for Musical Talent in Our Schools " sponsored by radio station WQXR and The New York Times .   
Oh, we never did anything especially festive trips to the zoo, a tour of Constitution Hall, things like that but I could remember how delighted I felt to be out with the two of them, and how happy they'd seemed in each other's company, and in mine. Too, I could remember the terrified rebellion I'd glimpsed for a moment in my mother's face the day my father was called to  serve  in the Korean War.   
Separately, H. Barclay Morley, former chairman and chief executive officer of Stauffer Chemical Co., was named a director of Schering-Plough, increasing board membership to 17. Mr. Morley previously  served  on the board from 1979 to 1985.   
Wendy Gramm, the head of regulatory affairs at the Office of Management and Budget, is an able economist and familiar with transportation issues. John Snow, the president of CSX, a leading freight company, has  served  as an assistant secretary of transportation and recognizes that more deregulation will benefit consumers and shippers alike.   
In addition to the people on the Titanic and Carpathia , certain others contributed valuable help in preparing this book . Captain Charles Victor Groves has aided me greatly in piecing together the story of the Californian , on which he  served  as Third Officer .   
More important , they cracked the ruling alliance . Pierre Elliott Trudeau  served  as an unpaid legal adviser for the miners' union .   
The select committees are expected to begin a new round of public hearings next month, and the House panel is scheduled to hold an organizational meeting this morning. Among the leading candidates to be the panel's special counsel is John Nields, a Washington attorney who  served  as chief counsel to the House Committee on Standards and Official Conduct during the "Koreagate" influence-peddling inquiry of the late 1970s.   
Please telegraph acknowledgements . Alice had a strong feeling of loyalty to the British Nursing Service , in which she had  served  .   
Hiring Mr. Inman was seen as a coup for Westmark, which was expected to benefit from the high profile and government contacts that Mr. Inman brought to Microelectronics & Computer Technology. Mr. Inman previously  served  as a director of the National Security Agency and deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency.   
The present government calls for negotiations for regional autonomy while continuing to pursue a military solution, and Maj. Dawit was active in enforcing that policy. For many years he  served  in the Second Division in Eritrea.   
Other officers included: Gertrude Gibbins, first vice-president; James Daniel, second vice-president; Arrietta Hudson, recording secretary; Joe Arnold, corresponding secretary; Larry Batson, treasurer; with Ida Bell Edwards and Evelyn Lee as board members. Bill Gibbins was appointed marshal and Arrietta Hudson will  serve  as chaplain.   
As a result of all these threads holding it to Europe, the AFSC established small international centers in Paris, Berlin, Vienna, Geneva, Warsaw, and Moscow. A director, often a man and his wife, was appointed by either the British or American Friends to  serve  as a host to the center.   
Who will reimburse my company for the economic jail it's been in for 2 1/2 years?" When asked by the Associated Press if he would ever consider  serving  in government again, Mr. Donovan replied: "I will not."   
But hundreds of thousands of others were at risk. I  served  as a staff officer in Vietnam in 1966-67 with many other non-combat troops.   
"He likes to tilt against the establishment," said a Dallas lawyer, although Mr. Susman's background hardly sets him apart from the legal bluebloods. Mr. Susman, a native Texan and a Yale graduate who edited the University of Texas Law Review, later  served  as a Supreme Court clerk and was a partner in Houston's prestigious Fulbright & Jaworski law firm.   
I wish to prepare myself by October for examination as a counsellor; but some public avocation may possibly prevent me. I had almost forgotten to tell you that I have been pretty unanimously elected, by the Legislature of this State, a member of Congress, to begin to  serve  in November.   
This he could follow in the original. He liked Lenoir, and was pleased that he, too, had been picked to  serve  on the subcommittee.   
But the company said it would undertake an immediate nationwide search and has decided that Mr. Taylor's replacement "will come from outside the company." Meanwhile, Frank N. Davis, president of Energy National Inc., a UP&L subsidiary, was named acting president and chief executive and will  serve  on the board until a replacement is named, Utah Power said.   
But in recent months, acquaintances say, Mr. Tisch had grown to enjoy his role as a media executive, and in public statements, Mr. Tisch made it increasingly clear that if directors offered him the job full time, he would take it. "Although I had been asked and had intended to  serve  as chief executive officer of CBS only for a brief transition period, I have become increasingly impressed over the last four months with the strengths and potential of this great company and its people," Mr. Tisch said in a statement.   
In September combat operations in Quang Ngai were handed over to a newly formed unit known as the Americal Division, which was composed of three brigades the 196th, which had  served  as part of Task Force Oregon, and two new fighting units, the 11th Brigade from Schofield Barracks, Hawaii, and the 198th Brigade from Fort Hood, Texas. Many of the senior officers of the new division came from Fort Hood expressly to serve in the new headquarters, under the command of Major General Samuel W. Koster. A West Pointer, Koster had the rare opportunity to put together his own command staff, and selected a number of his classmates and friends to serve with him.   
I shall find the place where people go after death very dreary . It is like hell for a father to be separated from his children and I have  served  my apprenticeship ever since my daughters married .   
Charles Duke of St. Albans possessed no great ability . He certainly inherited his father's and his mother's courage , for he  served  in the Emperor's Army at the Siege of Belgrade and acquitted himself valiantly when the Austrians wrested it from the Turks during 1688 .   
" Kay Halle knew President Kennedy well . She had  served  on his Inaugural Committee and had conceived the idea of inviting the two hundred eminent award winners in the fields of art , science , and the humanities as special guests to his inauguration .   
G. E. paid for two suites in Washington's Watergate Hotel, and Day soon pulled together an informal consulting committee of several dozen labor-relations managers from large corporations, with whom he would confer generally over the long-distance phone on pending matters of major significance. Day also recruited Roger M. Blough, the former chief executive officer of U.S. Steel Corp., to  serve  as an adviser.   
I saw it as the climax of a long odyssey, which had started with night school and had taken me through two institutions of higher learning and another stint in the Marines. I had reenlisted to vindicate my record, to prove that I could endure boot camp and  serve  honorably if I put my will to it.   
It was the end of an era . De Gaulle was succeeded as President by Georges Pompidou , a Gaullist who had  served  under him , but evidently differed from his policy on some important issues .   
However, the king's subjects did not rally to his cause. Many of his officers, sympathizing with the Americans, did not wish to  serve  against them.   
Mr. Gillett's rise to prominence in the broadcasting industry follows an eclectic career. He has worked for Crown Zellerbach Corp. as a salesman, formed a computer software company, acted as a management consultant for McKinsey & Co.,  served  as business manager and part owner of the Miami Dolphins, and owned and ran the Harlem Globetrotters with two partners for about a decade.   
As deeply committed as Col. North was to the insurgents' cause, he and his associates increasingly took it upon themselves to run the war, as had the CIA before them. "The heavy hand of the gringo is needed," wrote Robert Owen, who  served  as a courier between the White House and the Contra leadership.   
It was only because he had felt himself able to run away at any minute that he had not wanted to do so ; now , however , that he had become familiar with life in Ashpit Place he no longer minded it , and could live gladly in lower parts of London than that so long as he could pay his way . It was from no prudence or forethought that he had  served  this apprenticeship to life among the poor .   
Perot , too , has since been knocked out of the billionaire ranks ( his holdings are currently worth just $666,000,000 ) but not out of the news . He  served  as chairman of United We Stand , a lobby that supported President Nixon's early policies in Vietnam .   
Directors are setting up more committees, meeting more often, and feeling freer to put tough questions to management. Professional directors, usually retired executives who  serve  on several boards, are likely to become more common.   
Delaware, the state in which GM is incorporated, amended its laws last year allowing such a change in a company's certificate of incorporation, and many corporations have already taken such action. The proxy noted the increasing unwillingness of directors to  serve  on boards without greater protection, and said the premiums for GM's director insurance have "increased substantially."   
The group opposes current management, he said, because Pay-Fone's results have been "inadequate in terms of the revenue flatness that has persisted at the company." Responding to the Kahn group's proxy material, Pay-Fone issued a shareholder letter saying that "the Kahn slate has neither the experience nor the qualifications necessary" to  serve  as directors.   
"I think I did the right thing," he says. Robert Cullen had little choice about retiring when he returned to the U.S. last spring after  serving  in South Korea for two years as a vice president of a General Foods Corp. affiliate.   
Mr. Shoemaker, a sales manager in Southborough, Mass.,  served  in Vietnam in 1970.   
His public appearance was postponed last week after he claimed a hazy memory or lack of knowledge of many financial details, according to persons familiar with the private sessions. Although he  served  as interpreter between Americans and Iranians in the Iran-Contra affair, Mr. Hakim told investigators that he had difficulty understanding their questions, the sources say.   
Terms weren't disclosed. Lawrence Chimerine, chairman of Chase Econometrics, will  serve  as chairman and chief executive officer.   
I now offered my services for any expansion of the chores recently laid upon me , anything in which I might help him out in his own work , even . Dean Shaftoe was for the time being  serving  as acting president .   
Neither Mr. Wohlstetter nor Mr. Lemasters was available for additional comment, and a company spokesman declined to elaborate. Mr. Weber, 50, had  served  as interim chief executive immediately after Mr. Napier's resignation.   
Treasury Secretary James Baker, who formerly held the post, and former Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis, currently chairman of Union Pacific Corp., have been mentioned as possible candidates. Mr. Baker is said to be reluctant and Mr. Lewis has told the White House he has no interest in  serving  on a full-time or long-term basis -- a situation two sources say the White House has accepted.   
As the next best expedient, Hamilton proposed a chief executive chosen practically for life, holding the balance between the excitable body of the people on the one hand, and the minority of citizens of property and position on the other. The democratic lower house was to be elected directly by the people for a short term; the senators, named by electors chosen by the people, should  serve  for life.   
As expected, Richard P. Rifenburgh resigned as GCA's chairman. Pending the selection of a new chairman, Anthony J. Gumbiner, Hallwood chairman; Brian M. Troup, Hallwood president, and James G. Cairns, president of Hallwood's financial institutions group, will  serve  jointly in the office of GCA chairman, the companies said.   
The exchange's governing board includes 12 representatives from the public, 12 from the securities industry and the chairman. Board members  serve  three-year terms and are limited to two consecutive terms.   
MEI also said holders approved an amendment that limits directors' liability for certain actions. A spokesman said MEI sought the change to help it "retain and attract quality individuals to  serve  on the board."   
Symbolics Inc. said it dismissed John W. Gridley Jr. as vice president, finance, treasurer and chief financial officer, because of "differences in management style." The maker of computers used for artificial-intelligence software programming said Thomas F. Farb, a former treasurer and officer who has recently been a management consultant, will  serve  as acting treasurer and chief financial officer while Symbolics searches for a successor to Mr. Gridley, who couldn't be reached for comment.   
Surely in an organization of nearly 400 members , we have more who are capable of holding office . I have  served  actively on the MSB committee beginning as chairman of the open meeting last August .   
Best known as the indefatigable, 73-year-old chief of W.R. Grace & Co. and as President Reagan's point man on cutting waste in government, Mr. Grace has also become indispensable to prelates and popes. "The church feels very proud of Peter Grace," says the Most Rev. Theodore E. McCarrick, a New Jersey bishop  serving  on the board of the Knights of Malta.   
But, he adds, it also is more bombarded by sophisticated lobbying techniques, more confounded by such pressing fiscal problems as the federal budget deficit and more obsessed with political fund-raising -- awash in campaign cash. Mr. Owens  served  a single, two-year term at the end of the Nixon administration.   
Everything was faithfully copied from England ; there was nothing Australian about it all except a few names like Yarra and Toorak and verandas , the only major concession made by British settlers to a sunnier clime . Not that verandas were native to Australia any more than sheep ; probably they were introduced by the military architect John Watts , who had  served  in the West Indies and was appointed to Sydney in 1813 .   
It does not evaluate the system , nor does it consider important new trends . Out of Professor Mace's wide experience and extensive research ( he himself has  served  on a number of boards of directors ) , one would have had reason to hope for significant contributions to both of these areas .   
Mr. Hyde (R, Ill.)  serves  on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and is the ranking minority member on the House Intelligence Committee.   
He made an economic study of sorts , concluded that Augusta , Georgia , could support a second radio station , and drove into town one day in 1940 with a couple of thousand dollars in savings . An officer of the Augusta Chamber of Commerce put him in touch with some backers , and soon station WGAC was on the air , with Fuqua  serving  as manager and holding a small minority of the stock .   
No decisions involving life and death could ever come the way of the Department of External Affairs . The consciences of the men who  served  in it were not strained as were those of the stakes were hundreds of millions of lives and perhaps the world itself .   
He was scheduled to decide whether to retire or to continue at lower rank, for reasons unrelated to investigations into his role in the arms shipments to Iran and the diversion of funds to Nicaraguan rebels. Adm. Poindexter was temporarily promoted to three-star status while he  served  in the White House job.   
Today, mission stations, as well as clinics and schools, operate throughout the 350 islands. Though most of the doctors who  serve  abroad necessarily make their plans far ahead, many stand ready to go on the shortest notice when some crisis makes quick action imperative.   
Nevertheless he accepted his destiny, was inaugurated on February 18, 1861, for the six-year term provided by the Provisional Constitution, and was wreathed with flowers by Montgomery women, while the press reported, "... ten thousand hearts beat high with joy, admiration and hope. " He would  serve  a little more than four years.   
The chances are that the man who becomes an FBI agent will stay on to make a career . Among the Bureau's 6,000 agents , a total of nearly 80 per cent have been with the FBI for ten years or more and over 30 per cent have  served  for more than twenty years .   
Technology stocks had a rough ride. Traders said they saw some selling in these stocks early in the session, especially when the market tumbled quickly upon news that Mr. Volcker declined to  serve  a third term as Fed chairman.   
They identify themselves with the poor, and thus open eyes to new hope. They build a community sawmill in Alaska,  serve  as teachers, cooks and drivers on Indian reservations.   
A minute urging members to give up their slaves was passed and a committee appointed to visit the slaveholders individually and to persuade them to surrender their human property . For two years John Woolman  served  on that committee , using a warm and gentle persuasion that few could finally resist .   
In 1964 I campaigned on behalf of President Lyndon B. Johnson in three states , and in 1968 I not only worked vigorously for Vice-President Hubert H. Humphrey in a frantic airplane caravan but also wrote his official campaign biography . In 1967 I  served  as secretary to the Pennsylvania Constitutional Convention and helped engineer a revision which would bring Pennsylvania into the forefront of states insofar as a modernized , constructive constitution was concerned .   
The other children were : Edward Baker ( Mar. 10 , 1846-Feb . 1 , 1850 ) , William Wallace ( Dec. 21 , 1850-Feb . 20 , 1862 ) , and Thomas or " Tad " ( Apr. 4 , 1853-July 15 , 1871 ) . In the years 1847-49 Lincoln  served  one term in Congress , where he had the distinction of being the only Whig from Illinois .   
Before concentrating on health-care management in 1976 by starting his own consulting firm, Dr. Pesch established himself in academic and government service. He taught at the University of Chicago and Northwestern University, among other schools, and  served  as dean of the medical school at the State University of New York in Buffalo.   
I didn't believe it , but ... " No one had stepped forward in protest , and most of the men started brooding about the incident only after they left the company or returned to their homes in the United States . Larry Colburn later bumped into some GI'S at Fort Hood , Texas , who had  served  in other units of Task Force Barker at the time of My Lai 4 .   
This says that anyone who holds a government position has to wait one year before representing clients before the agency where he worked. So lawyers who  serve  as special prosecutors (and maybe their law partners) are prohibited from representing clients in Justice Department cases.   
" My mother is going to make the rounds with me until I get used to it . " Corrigan had  served  in the Irish Navy and after a while , wanting to see something of the world , he joined the American fleet .   
Mr. Brody will continue to be chief executive; a successor as president hasn't been named. Previously, futures exchanges, unlike major stock exchanges, typically have elected exchange members to  serve  as part-time chairmen on a temporary basis.   
All the same, recent occupants of that famous house haven't had what I would call a happy time. The last one to  serve  two terms and leave with the plaudits of his fellow citizens was Dwight Eisenhower, and his first inauguration was nearly 35 years ago.   
While the settlements on the Connecticut were multiplying, Roger Williams, the Salem cleric, was asking embarrassing questions of the Massachusetts Bay elders. He disliked the idea that only church members could  serve  in government posts.   
In retrospect, Dome, which acquired Hudson's Bay Oil at the peak of the oil market, paid too much. Mr. Maier joined TransCanada, a natural gas pipeline concern, as president in 1985 after  serving  in a similar capacity for a much smaller company, Bow Valley Industries Ltd., a Calgary-based oil and gas producer.   
After most of the religious squabbling died down and Mrs. Hutchinson shook the dust of the new colony from her skirts to try again in New Hampshire , the colony was organized as " Rhode Island and the Providence Plantations . " Williams  served  as governor for three years , leaving that post before James II took away the charter and tucked Rhode Island into the giant complex handed over to Edmund Andros .   
"Everybody is pushing him off the cliff," one senator said. The former CIA officer assigned by Mr. Casey to work in the arms network was a highly regarded operator who headed CIA operations in Nicaragua and then  served  as a special assistant to the director in 1985.   
Mr. Amerman came to Mattel as international division president in 1980. He previously was president of the American Chicle division of Warner-Lambert Co., Morris Plains, N.J., having  served  before that in various marketing roles at the pharmaceuticals and consumer products concern.   
The Colonel invited me to drive home with him , he wanted to speak to me on urgent business . The Colonel had  served  with great distinction in the French army during the war of '70 and had been wounded at Gravelotte .   
The 65-year-old native of Chicago's South Side has come a long way. After  serving  as a Navy torpedo-man in World War II, his first job was as a clerk at an insurance concern in 1946.   
Hoover called Special Agent Samuel P. Cowley to his office and told him to take charge of the hunt for Dillinger . Cowley was a big man , thirty-four years old , and a former lawyer who once had  served  as a missionary in the Mormon Church .   
Canadians just don't take to venture capital entrepreneurial situations like Americans . " However , Walsh , who  serves  in the Electronics Div . of Canada's Dept. of Industry , Trade and Commerce , believes that things are improving .   
Apparently there would have been many like us , so concerned that we would have done whatever was legal to ensure the safety of our nation . The knowledge dissipated any apprehension I felt about the propriety of my  serving  as president of my state's Electoral College .   
Washington was the great-grandson of John Washington , who had migrated to Virginia during Cromwell's regime . None of his ancestors had been devoted to the military life , although his half-brother Lawrence had  served  with Admiral Edward Vernon in 1741 in fleet and land actions against Cartagena , a Spanish port on the Caribbean .   
Thomas Bond, an independent options market maker, was unanimously nominated by local directors of the Chicago Board Options Exchange to  serve  as vice chairman and chairman of the executive committee for 1988.   
Dr. Debetaz ' statue has been placed on the lawn in front of headquarters , alongside the driveway . A plaster replica is on display at Colgate University , where Henry A. Colgate , president of The Seeing Eye from 1940 until his death in 1957  served  as a trustee .   
General Foods Corp. named James W. McVey, president of its Oscar Mayer Foods Corp. subsidiary, to the additional post of chief executive officer of the unit, effective Jan. 1. He succeeds Jerry M. Hiegel, 59 years old, who will remain chairman of Oscar Mayer until May 1, after which he will  serve  as a consultant to the company.   
President Reagan had wanted Mr. Shad to stay on as chairman, according to administration sources. But Mr. Shad, who already has  served  longer than any of his 21 predecessors, declined, saying he would prefer an ambassadorship or another post.   
But the investor agreed to give 193,827 Northview shares to the government as part of his settlement with the SEC. In a statement, Northview said Mr. Fabiani will  serve  as acting chairman and chief executive officer until it can find a permanent successor to Mr. Boesky.   
Others contend that in practice, Mr. Oliver's emphasis on self-regulation by business means that hardly any enforcement actions are taken. "For a real skeptic of any government intervention" such as Mr. Oliver, "there has to be lots and lots of evidence before he will agree to file a case," says Mark Leddy, a former deputy assistant attorney general who  served  in both the Reagan and Carter administrations.   
Directors also returned William S. Paley to the chairman's post. He stepped down from that position in 1983, but recently had been  serving  as acting chairman.   
So he put the foreign officers , whom he trusted , in command at the gates flattering them and making them gifts of costly garments . A young Scot , David Butler ,  served  for pay as ensign on the anchored Orel .   
He wishes you to teach him how you fought like that ! " With Kennart  serving  as interpreter , the job of getting the sleds aboard the ship moved more smoothly than the New Yorkers expected .   
To a large extent it is the consumer who bears the burden of the tax. The farmer, the manufacturer, and the merchant  serve  as agents of the taxing authority, collecting the VAT from their customers and remitting the appropriate share to the government.   
Your article of Jan. 14 says Britain's Royal Marines don't get the respect they deserve, and that may be the case among those who know no better. But my observation from participating in exercises with them, backed up without exception by conversations with generations dating from the Korean War to the present, is that U.S. Marines would rather  serve  alongside the Royal Marines than any other outfit.   
Neither Mr. Hayes nor Howard Weitzman, the lead defense attorney, could be reached for comment. Donald Bryce, a Chrysler Corp. engineering supervisor who  served  as jury foreman, said in a telephone interview yesterday that almost from the start of deliberations Dec. 10, three jurors believed Mr. De Lorean should be convicted for allegedly converting to his own use more than $8.5 million raised to develop his sports car.   
Gen. John R. Galvin was named to succeed Gen. Bernard Rogers as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's supreme allied commander in Europe and commander-in-chief of U.S. forces there. Gen. Galvin, who has been considered the front-runner for the job,  served  for the past two years as commander-in-chief of the U.S. Southern Command, based in Panama.   
Winter Park police said they are continuing to search for a former Philip Crosby employee who was in a position to transfer corporate funds by wire. The company identified the suspect as John C. Nelson, who until about a month ago  served  as vice president and director of finance for Crosby Associates International, a unit of Philip Crosby.   
They all had menial jobs and Malcolm felt that Elijah Muhammad and his work could be further ahead if he had his sons around him to help. Supposedly they would  serve  in administrative capacities form a cadre around their father.   
It was no solution to the problem when in 1698 the king , deciding there were too many governors and too many colonies , tied all the New England provinces , New York , and New Jersey into one huge territory . The Earl of Bellomont , then  serving  as governor of New York , would assume the combined command .   
Col. Gadd was part of the arms network. After retiring from the military in 1983, Gen. Secord  served  for a period on a special operations advisory panel used by Mr. Koch when he was at the Pentagon.   
"One of our dearest hopes is that Frank can use his ties to Weinberger to get arms control on track," one administration official says. Mr. Carlucci  served  under Mr. Weinberger as deputy secretary of defense in the first Reagan term.   
He was a reporter and an editor during the stewardship of the late Bernard Kilgore, who helped build the Journal into a national newspaper. Mr. Guilfoyle  served  as commodity editor of the Journal and later as Latin American correspondent.   
They kept themselves well protected from whatever might happen . " Peter Winnen , an English major , had come to Kent after  serving  as a forward artillery observer in Vietnam .   
Federal asset sale guidelines generally require that the securities be taxable and sold without recourse to the government. Park Benjamin, managing director for Manufacturers' municipal securities group, says "in the near term revenues (from  serving  as asset sales adviser or underwriter) won't be terribly great, but over the next two years the business will be of growing significance" as the federal government sells more loans.   
He proposed that the CIA purchase the equipment, some of which, he indicated, had been bought from the U.S. Air Force originally under special "proprietary arrangements." Though the report didn't deal with the matter, intelligence sources have identified Gen. Secord as part of a network of former Air Force officers who  served  as private clandestine contractors for the government.   
Congress has given him a commission as major general an honorary rank of course . He insists on  serving  without pay . "   
Paul J. Schierl, chairman of Fort Howard Paper Co., was named a director of this member bank of the Federal Reserve System. He succeeds Leon T. Kendall, chairman of Morgan Guaranty Insurance Corp., who  served  the maximum two full terms on the board.   
It appeared as though Boyd was being made the scapegoat for Chrysler's collapse , despite statements to the contrary by Townsend and by Boyd himself . Replacing Boyd was Townsend's long-time protege , John J. Riccardo , a forty-five-year-old accountant who had  served  as group vice president of the U.S. and Canadian automotive division , the third-ranking position in Chrysler's hierarchy .   
Interested parties are advised , therefore , to consult their terminal suppliers on this subject . ( Mr. Power is a partner in the international accounting and consulting firm of Touche Ross & Co. , where he is director of services to commercial industries . Previously he was with Univac and  served  for 14 years as an officer in the U.S. Air Force .   
The report urged a grass-roots drive to teach Americans their obligation to pay taxes. "People just don't feel guilty enough when they don't fill out their tax return properly," says Mr. Calkins, who  served  on the commission.   
Perhaps he was fortunate , for few men live most of their lives with an idol that remains unshattered . He became secretary of war under the Articles of Confederation and then  served  in Washington's cabinet , hiding whatever inner man there was under a facade of jolly fat-man mirth .   
Mr. Loeffler, a lawyer, was appointed in 1973 as trustee of Equity Funding after the financial services company collapsed as the result of massive fraud in its principal insurance subsidiary. He  served  until 1976, when a reorganized Equity Funding emerged from bankruptcy law proceedings as Orion Capital Corp.   
Although Mr. Smith had earlier had two heart attacks and a stroke, he has had to go to work part-time. The three top officers of Diamond/Obie were: Barton Greenberg, the 44-year-old chairman who founded the companies in 1973; Leslie A. Lupovich, 35, who  served  as vice president and secretary-treasurer; and Gary L. Mitchell, 51, who started as a consultant for the companies in 1980 and ended up as president.   
Custer hired her as his personal " mess-moll . " An orphaned hobbledehoy called Johnnie Cisco  served  as General Custer's tableboy , groom , and valet , and preferred sacking out with Custer's pack of prize hounds and horses rather than in a tent of his choice .   
Guillermo Faura , commandant of Peru's river gunboat fleet . Admiral Faura and I had been shipmates in the late 1940's , when I  served  on detachment from the U.S. Navy as gunnery advisor to the Peruvian Navy .   
ComputerLand's Mr. Waters said the Warburg group's announcement is "welcome news" at the company, which has had to contend with significant upheavals in the personal computer market as well as the worrisome dispute between Mr. Millard and Micro/Vest. Mr. Millard formerly  served  as ComputerLand's chairman and chief executive officer until September 1985, when he stepped aside following the Micro/Vest verdict.   
" I am non-violent, " he says. " Last spring I watched the ROTC fellows training, and I respected them for their willingness to  serve  in uniform, as I had.   
And yesterday, it earned the cigar-smoking, 48-year-old Mr. Price the appointment as managing director for government loan sales in Manufacturers' investment banking unit. A 14-year veteran of the nation's fourth-largest banking company, Mr. Price has  served  in a variety of jobs, including government relations and as overseer of the company's non-bank activities. Before joining the bank, he served in the Nixon administration as special assistant to the president for urban and rural affairs.   
He was replaced as chairman by Robert Slater , who is now also National Liberty's chief operating officer ; he had been chief executive of John Hancock Mutual Life until 1970 . Later that year he  served  briefly as president of the faltering Investors Overseas Services .   
Mr. Scott resigned because of "a longstanding prior commitment." Graham Kennedy, a senior executive of James Capel, a London stockbrokerage, and chairman of the London Stock Exchange's quotations committee, will continue to  serve  as an investigator.   
These youth juries learn, first, to think for themselves; second, that the law is the same for everyone; third, to take responsibility not only for their own actions but for those of their youth group; and, finally, that there is no racial discrimination in a court of law. We have on our high school juries Indians, Negroes, and whites; any student who wants to is free to  serve .   
"It was highly to the credit of the U.S. that her frigates were of better make and armament than any others; it always speaks well for a nation's energy and capacity that her implements of warfare are of superior kind: This is a perfectly legitimate reason for pride." U.S. naval policy during the war was aimed at lifting the wrongful and embarrassing impressment of seamen  serving  on American merchant ships, whom the crown claimed as its own subjects.   
But the Navajos want to be more a part of the United States as well . During the past decade , two Navajos have  served  in the New Mexico Legislature .   
Eleven of the TPA patients bled, only three of them seriously. Dr. Gold, who also  serves  as a consultant for Genentech, asserts that further angina studies may lead to a role for TPA in preventing heart attack.   
Mr. Gardner, professor of law at Columbia,  served  as U.S. ambassador to Italy from 1977 to 1981.   
Perhaps the divisions within the Contras' political world are best illustrated by the position of Mr. Robelo. While he says "reforms are moving ahead," he adds that it is doubtful he'll be able to continue to  serve  on the directorate when a reconstituted UNO legislative assembly elects the new seven-man board sometime this month or next.   
It produces TV programs about nuclear proliferation, population control and the environment, and it allows Mr. Turner to attend board meetings with Jimmy Carter and Jacques Cousteau's son. It also interests Mr. Turner's former pilot and current female companion, J.J. Ebaugh, who  serves  as a liaison between the society and Turner Broadcasting.   
At the time, the administration cited executive privilege for refusing to give lawmakers various internal EPA documents relating to the "Superfund" program to clean up toxic-waste dumps. The independent counsel's filings contend that Mr. Meese, who  served  as White House counselor at the time, also played a role in the controversy and therefore shouldn't have the final word on the scope of the current investigation.   
Mr. Johnson has had the support of the board and of Mr. Sticht, so powerful a director that some say he has been unofficial chairman all along. This isn't the first time Mr. Sticht has been plucked from the board to  serve  in a larger role.   
Wyman-Gordon, a maker of forgings for the defense and aerospace industries, has been looking for a new president and chief executive since December, when 63-year-old Richard Bullock took early retirement for health reasons. Since then, Chairman Joseph R. Carter, 68, has been  serving  as chief executive.   
But reinforcements reached the Confederates in the nick of time from the Shenandoah Valley . The first fresh Rebel units to arrive were led by an eccentric mathematics professor from Virginia Military Institute , Thomas J. Jackson , now  serving  as a brigadier general under Lieutenant General Joseph E. Johnston .   
Gordon Macklin has structured the board to represent all groups that could have any conceivable concern about the condition of the marketplace. I have  served  with such men as Bill McGowan of MCI and Dick West, dean of New York University's School of Business.   
At the school, I asked several children what they wanted to be when they grew up. Always they said, " I will  serve  anywhere the Revolution needs me."   
We have been on the project for six years , and the first brick has yet to be laid . Many companies now closely supervise the management of their pension and profit-sharing trust investments , and if you have had experience in this field you might consider  serving  as one of the trustees of such funds after retirement .   
It was occasioned in 1983 by the ascension of Yuri Andropov to the post of general secretary. No doubt aware of Mr. Ligachev's reputation as a strict disciplinarian, Mr. Andropov brought him to Moscow to  serve  as a secretary of the central committee.   
" I do not see myself as an emissary of any group or faction , " he says , " but I want to make sure that the corporation is responsible to the broader community . " Catherine B. Cleary , fifty-five , president of First Wisconsin Trust Co. ,  serves  on several boards .   
He became an instructor at Harvard in 1939 , an associate professor in 1945 , and professor of Japanese history in 1950 . During World War II he  served  with the rank of lieutenant colonel in the Military Intelligence Service of the War Department General Staff , and he was awarded the Legion of Merit .   
Being state organizations, they were subject to the orders of the state governors. In the War of 1812 half of the militia, especially those of New England, refused to  serve .   
Mark D. Grossi, 34, was named president, succeeding Mr. Baylor. Mr. Grossi, who formerly  served  as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Transohio Savings Bank, Cleveland, also will serve as First American's chief operating officer.   
Greyhound, which offered the early retirement option to 90 employees, earlier had reduced sharply its total employment from last year's 35,922 with the $350 million sale of Greyhound Lines Inc. Greyhound Lines employed about 8,000. Mr. Nageotte, a 40-year veteran of Greyhound, continues as a consultant to the company and will  serve  as a director of Greyhound Lines, now owned by a Dallas-based investment group led by Fred G. Currey.   
It was Benton's last night on the line . He had  served  his year and was to be flown by helicopter to a rear area in the morning to be processed out .   
In addition, one lawmaker sympathetic to Col. North said the panels also have learned that he used the traveler's checks to give a "bonus" of about $1,000 to an associate, Robert Owen, when Mr. Owen was married more than a year ago. Mr. Owen, who  served  as a courier between Col. North and leaders of Mr. Calero's Nicaraguan Democratic Force, resumes his testimony before the committees today.   
A Montenegran like Milovan Djilas , Vukmanovic has been a Communist since 1935 . He  served  as member of the Supreme Partisan Headquarters and Central Committee , as Tito's partisan chief in Macedonia , and at war's end as chief of the political administration of the army .   
Mr. Heineman, 43 years old, has been managing partner of the Washington office of Sidley & Austin, a Chicago law firm. He previously  served  as assistant secretary for planning and evaluation in the former Department of Health, Education and Welfare and as executive assistant to the secretary.   
This old soldier of fortune , an honored graduate of Columbia College , began his stormy career as an Indian fighter on the Midwestern frontier . Kearny , whose left arm was blown off during the Mexican War , also  served  as military attache with the French Army in Italy and Algeria , twice winning the Legion d'honneur .   
Having contributed generously to European recovery when times were bad , the American Government was naturally anxious not to be left out in the cold now that they were good . In the presidential election of 1960 a young Democrat , John F. Kennedy , had been chosen to succeed the elderly Republican , General Dwight D. Eisenhower , who had  served  two , four-year terms .   
Separately, a senior administration official said that the administration may decide this week on a new chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board this week. The top contenders are Danny Wall, minority staff director of the Senate Banking Committee, and Philip Winn, a Colorado real estate developer who formerly  served  as assistant secretary of Housing and Urban Development.   
Mr. McPherson would succeed Richard Darman, who resigned in April to become an investment banker. In the Treasury's No. 2 position, Mr. McPherson, who  served  in the White House under President Ford, would be expected to work closely with Secretary James Baker on international economic policy, including the Third World debt problem.   
This was a follow-up of an idea outlined by Winston Churchill at Strasbourg, for a force to be known as the European Defense Community, recruited from the nations of Western Europe. All the units of this international army would  serve  under a single high command, bear a single banner, be armed with standardized weapons and wear the same uniform.   
I want to be useful to the M. O. B. , not just win . My opponent has  served  long and well .   
Why should I go help the white man kill other dark people while he's still killing us here at home ? " I couldn't help thinking about my son who is  serving  as a tank gunner in Vietnam .   
The company has been the subject of recent inquiries by U.S. diplomatic officials in Europe, and is viewed with annoyance by a much larger Spanish military consortium with a similar name in Madrid. Jose Garnel, a principal in the Lisbon company, had  served  as the Portugal agent for such major weapons makers as Colt Industries Inc., New York.   
One of the ablest officers it has been my pleasure to know in recent times, Lt. Gen. Colin Powell, is the new deputy. I have no doubt he will  serve  with the highest distinction, yet it seems to me a disservice to place him in what will inevitably be a compromising position. No matter that he is a man of the highest integrity, certain to reject illegal actions in support of even the most worthy of policy objectives, he, and the other military officers who serve on that staff, will be confronted with the need to make judgments about national-security policy that cannot be removed from the pressures of domestic politics.   
They added that it is unlikely anything would be made public because of "the delicate nature of the case." The U.S. archbishop, who has  served  as bodyguard and advance man during the many foreign trips of Pope John Paul II, has long been investigated in connection with $1.3 billion in loans made by Banco Ambrosiano to 10 overseas "dummy" companies controlled by the IOR.   
If he has first admired the carriages that drive past him in the Champs-Elysees , on a fine afternoon , he will end by coveting them . Eugene had unconsciously  served  his apprenticeship by the time he went home for his vacation , after taking his degree of bachelor of letters and bachelor of laws .   
Once a week, though, they were allowed to sleep in the same room. Saburo was waiting for the October twenty-sixth Tenri Fall Festival, and after he spoke to his mother there, arrangements for the marriage with Yakichi to  serve  as matchmaker would be completed.   
Aspen specializes in full text computer storage and retrieval of information , including the statutes of the 50 states and related federal codes ... Albert A. Hazan , one of the founders of Courier Terminal Systems , Phoenix-based manufacturer of IBM-COMPATIBLE crt display terminals and terminal printers , has been named to the new post of assistant to the president of the company . He had been  serving  as director of marketing ... URS Systems Corp. , San Mateo , Calif. , has appointed Joseph C. Vierra president of its URS Data Sciences Co. division .   
Mr. Hammer is the paradigmatic example of chutzpah; he has overcome career obstacles that would have felled lesser men. A lifelong Sovietophile, he has  served  as a self-described emissary between the U.S. and every Soviet leader since Lenin, except Stalin, whom he describes as an awful person (nevertheless, between Stalin and Trotsky, Mr. Hammer prefers Stalin).   
Temuchin gained a reputation for being particularly tenacious and resourceful in battle , and generous to his supporters . He  served  for a period as a mercenary with the Kin , fighting against his tribal enemies and building up his own following .   
He designed scores of products in his 25 years at Henry Dreyfuss Associates, New York, before leaving to establish his own practice in rural Connecticut six years ago. He has  served  as a designer or consultant to a Who's Who of corporations, including most recently General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co., Phillips Corp. and Texas Instruments Inc.   
Battalion commanders ran their companies by radio. On the ground, where grunts spent a whole year (Marines, 13 months), green captains and lieutenants gave orders to line companies and platoons for six months -- enough time for a command ticket punch and an obligatory Combat Infantrymen's Badge, deserved or not -- before  serving  the last half of their Vietnam tours in the rear.   
Succeeding him as president of the pharmaceutical and health products concern will be George Ebright, SmithKline's 49-year-old chief operating officer. Mr. Ebright will  serve  as operations chief, as well as president, SmithKline said.   
Edwin V.W. Zschau, founder and former chairman of this maker of data storage and printer products, was again named chairman, succeeding Eugene R. White. Mr. White, 55 years old, remains a director and consultant for the company, as well as  serving  in his other duties as chairman of Amdahl Corp. Mr. Zschau, 47, most recently completed two terms as a U.S. representative from the 12th congressional district of California.   
Pakistan's prime minister announced a new, smaller cabinet consisting of ministers who had  served  in the government that resigned Saturday following riots in Karachi.   
There was nothing to do but to have a swim at Santa Lucia at sunrise and to return to the slums with a cool head but still trembling with fear. In the afternoon my offer to  serve  on the staff of the cholera hospital of Santa Maddalena was accepted.   
Then Captain Glenn , a stickler for regulations ; Captain Johnston , fair but easily persuaded ; Captain Gregory , don't know much about him ; Captain Jarvis , hard but fair , he came up from the lower deck as you did ; Captain Kersey , old man now , but still alert ; and Captain MacAllester , he's a bear if there ever was one . " Merewether had met all of them at one time or another , and had  served  two years as a second lieutenant under Kersey .   
Making music is only part of the music director's job. Mr. Wolff also  serves  as a public spokesman for the orchestra.   
Chairman John McKean made the announcement at the board's meeting yesterday, but refused to comment further. Other board members said they expect Mr. McKean to  serve  out his term as a board member until December 1991.   
Phil O'Bannion come by on his pony then . His father was a sergeant too , but not like Pa. Pa had been a sergeant since the War and had  served  with Colonel Padgett right on through the whole trouble .   
He was a civilian , but his posture was military . He had  served  in two world wars .   
Look what Harley Dann's done with the office. " " Harold, " Fitzpatrick said, " he can  serve  as my Vice President for two terms and then run for President in his own right.   
Thieu's report immediately set off another round of political infighting . Senator Tran Van Don , a leading opponent of Thieu who also  served  as chairman of the Senate Defense Committee , announced on November 25 that he would conduct his own investigation into the affair .   
The colony looked to 23-year-old George Washington for protection. Frantic letters from the politicians at Williamsburg arrived at Mount Vernon, asking if he would be willing to  serve  on the frontier.   
A six-year-old Malawi girl may lead a breakthrough in South Africa's school apartheid by becoming the first black child to be admitted to a white school. Her name is Chipo, eldest daughter of the first black ambassador to  serve  in South Africa, Mr. Joe Kachingwe of Malawi.   
As part of this overall strategy, Oliver "Buck" Revell, one of the FBI's executive assistant directors and a confidant of Mr. Webster, was taken off the Iran-Contra investigation weeks ago. Mr. Revell previously  served  with fired White House aide Oliver North on two of the administration's high-level anti-terrorism committees, and Lt. Col. North reportedly asked him in October to sidetrack the Southern Air probe.   
The President was worried and anxious and many a night looked forward to the peace of Mount Vernon. " But you must  serve  again, Mr. President! " men exclaimed, when he spoke of being through with his work.   
A good deal of money was spent , but all that resulted in Washington's lifetime was the production of some cypress shingles . About this same time , Washington was elected vestryman for Truro Parish , where his father had  served  .   
Unpleasant as the cuts have been in the short term, Ivorians seem willing to make even more sacrifices. "They are determined to stay on course," says Pierre Bonneil, an expatriate Frenchman who  serves  as the chief financial officer of the Blohorn Group, the Ivory Coast's biggest producer of consumer goods.   
Separately, Geac said Robert K. Isserstedt, 45 years old, a director, was named president. He succeeds William Bearisto, 49, who resigned last month after  serving  as president for about six months.   
Mr. Ballantine is a principal with Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co. From 1983 to 1985 he  served  as an associate director for economic policy at the Office of Management and Budget.   
When Latendresse was thirteen a neighboring priest took him out of the orphanage and raised him in his own presbytere in a village on the shore of the lower St. Lawrence . He read all the priest's books , he studied wood-carving and became skilful at carving images of saints for the church ; he  served  as an altar boy and when older he entered a seminary .   
Ducommun Inc.'s W. Donald Bell resigned after  serving  as president for slightly more than a year.   
ALFRED H. MARKS is professor of English at the State University of New York at New Paltz and editor in chief of the quarterly Literature East & West . He began learning Japanese at Army schools during World War II and  served  as Fulbright Senior Lecturer in American Literature at Kanazawa University , Japan , in 1965-6 .   
This tribute to Lincoln's manhood , which came in spite of his freedom from the vices of the gang , seems to have been in part a recognition of his prowess in competitive sport , especially wrestling , and in part a pure matter of personal attachment . In 1834 Lincoln was chosen to the state legislature ; and he  served  during four successive terms ( 1834-41 ) , first at Vandalia , the old capital , and later at Springfield .   
Each year the Board nominates and elects a new group to replace approximately one-third of the members who have completed their terms of office. The invitation is issued on the basis of the need of the organization for specific professional and personal competence in a given field; members  serve  as individuals, not as representatives of their organization or institution.   
Messrs. Hettleman and Sommers  served  on Merritt's board until the thrift collapsed.   
He himself stayed with his father-in-law the king and had half the kingdom while he lived and the whole of it after his death . There was once a Scotsman and an Englishman and an Irishman  serving  in the army together , who took it into their heads to run away .   
Mr. Gates is believed to have testified to a Senate committee that Lt. Col. North mentioned an Iran-Contra connection during an October luncheon with Mr. Casey. Former Republican Sen. John Tower of Texas, who also has  served  as Mr. Reagan's strategic arms negotiator, and Sen. Malcolm Wallop (R., Wyo.), also have been mentioned, officials said.   
Instead, Dr. Bowen was allowed to turn over the project to his chief of staff, Thomas R. Burke, a career civil servant. The two men became close associates when Mr. Burke  served  as executive director of a 1982-84 advisory council on Medicare that Dr. Bowen chaired.   
How would you like to go out with me and look the region over ? We would go beyond where we  served  with Braddock . "   
In many areas , Negroes worked for the army as laborers , teamsters , wagoners , cooks , servants and laundresses . Fugitive slaves often  served  as guides for Yankee troops unfamiliar with certain regions .   
Ridenhour was discharged and returned to Phoenix in early December , 1968 , intent on doing something about the shootings at My Lai 4 . He had  served  well in Vietnam , both as a helicopter door gunner and as a team leader of long-range patrol groups .   
But they became close friends. Mr. Goldblith, aided by Mr. Ayukawa, later spearheaded many of MIT's ties with Japan and now  serves  as an adviser to Paul Gray, MIT's president. Mr. Ayukawa, a prominent Japanese venture capitalist, serves on MIT's board of directors.   
Congress imposed restrictions on his salary -- and on the salaries of the seven other commissioners -- after a critical General Accounting Office audit found that Mr. Pendleton in 1985 had billed the commission for nearly $70,000 in salary for what has traditionally been viewed as a part-time job. With four months remaining in the federal fiscal year, Mr. Pendleton has left only about 15 of the 125 days that Congress has allowed him to  serve  with compensation this year.   
Women's groups are again pushing an Equal Rights Amendment. And a group of prominent moderates favors longer terms for members of Congress and permitting legislators to  serve  in the cabinet.   
The group has links to Islamic Jihad, the Moslem extremist group blamed for the assassination of President Anwar Sadat at a military parade in 1981. Although the charges were announced last week, the young officers were arrested July 25 while  serving  in technical jobs in different units, the spokesman said.   
Mr. Carberry also argued the only insider-trading case the U.S. attorney's southern district has lost: the trial of Thomas C. Reed, a former special assistant to President Reagan for national security affairs. Mr. Reed, who  served  in the White House from 1982 to 1983, was acquitted last year of charges in connection with a stock-option trade he made in 1981 as a private investor.   
Those things, however, have become beside the point, according to Guido Bagotta. He is Italy's and, perhaps, all of Europe's, leading authority on football by virtue of his having done the play-by-play for five Super Bowls on Italian national TV, and  serving  as editor of "Pro Bowl," an Italian magazine devoted to the sport.   
The European Parliament wants EC governments to take an even harder line, with retroactive dumping duties and preemptive tariffs against new products like satellite-TV receivers. "While we may practice free trade at this end, they don't do so in Japan and they don't have any intention of doing so," says James Moorhouse, a Briton who  serves  as the European Parliament's one-man subcommittee on Japanese trade.   
The indictment accuses W. Franklyn Chinn, Mr. Meese's former personal financial adviser whom he entrusted with his family's savings in 1985, of conspiring with others to defraud Wedtech and to violate Securities and Exchange Commission reporting requirements involving a 1986 stock offering by the company. Mr. Chinn, who  served  as a Wedtech consultant and later as a director, was accused of helping conceal the purposes of some payments from the company to Mr. Wallach.   
Then he tore the treaty to pieces . " Gentlemen , " he said , " I had the pleasure of  serving  with your armed forces throughout two years of World War One .   
William Bernstein, executive vice president at Orion, dismissed speculation that there may be a fight for control of the company, saying that "these are not strangers to us -- we've known all these people a long time." John Kluge, Metromedia's chairman, and three Viacom executives  serve  on Orion's board.   
Mr. Meese said at a news conference that Mr. Reagan soon will issue an executive order giving the board authority over everything from designing international drug eradication efforts to recommending future budget priorities. Health and Human Services Secretary Otis Bowen will  serve  as the board's vice chairman.   
He wiped away Finch's web of special assistants in favor of a small personal staff of trusted aides , many of whom he had worked with or had known for years . Perhaps because he had  served  at HEW before , Richardson had no fear of the career bureaucrats .   
Caesars World, which last year turned down Mr. Sosnoff's request for a seat on the board, retained Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help study the offer. Although Drexel traditionally has  served  as its investment banker, the firm also has represented Mr. Sosnoff before.   
He spent most of his time caring for the make-believe illnesses of men who wanted time off . The boatswain had  served  on a whaler , and tried without success to apply the tough rules of whaling ships to the men under him .   
Arthur's first case was a man with grotesquely swollen limbs . " Well , my man , you've  served  in the Army I see , " Bell snapped .   
Another son, W.J. Timken, is director of human resource development. The senior Mr. Timken had been elected to  serve  until April of next year.   
He too fathered a whole dynasty of violin-makers . He  served  his apprenticeship in Vienna , and settled in Prague after some years of travelling as a journeyman .   
To replace these executives, Nassos Michas, senior vice president for broker-dealer services of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, and head of the firm's clearing operation, also will assume responsibility for the firm's mortgage-backed security trading activities. Mr. Andres will  serve  as an adviser to Mr. Michas, officials said.   
Thomas Bond, an independent options market maker, was unanimously nominated by local directors of the Chicago Board Options Exchange to  serve  as vice chairman and chairman of the executive committee for 1988. Mr. Bond, 45 years old, would succeed Gary P. Lahey, who has served two terms as vice chairman, the CBOE's highest elected office, and isn't standing for reelection.   
Lester Einbender, 67 years old, was president and chief executive officer of this women's apparel retailer until last year. He most recently  served  as executive vice president of the company.   
Colleagues describe him as a active conservative whose friends include former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and Norman Podhoretz, editor in chief of "Commentary." He helped finance GOP maverick Lewis Lehrman's abortive run for governor of New York, and he  serves  on President Reagan's general advisory committee on arms control and disarmament.   
He had a cast in his right eye which made it blind, and he was rejected. Determined to  serve , he succeeded in joining the Merchant Marine.   
He retired in March 1913 to the campus of his beloved Yale as Kent Professor of Constitutional Law . During the World War he  served  as joint-chairman of the National War Labor Board .   
Mr. Griesemer, 56 years old, is president of Griesemer Stone Co. of Springfield, Mo., and headed the postal board's financial and audit committee before his appointment as chairman. Mr. Coughlin, 46, previously was senior assistant postmaster general for operations support and has  served  as a regional postmaster general and in several top positions at Postal Service headquarters.   
He has declined requests for comment, and it isn't clear what positions he would adopt on Fed policy. Mr. Olsen is the leading candidate to  serve  the rest of Mr. Wallich's term, which ends Jan. 31, 1988.   
Ruckelshaus is a Republican party loyalist after Mitchell's own heart , a member of a well-to-do Catholic family long prominent in Indiana legal and political circles . His grandfather had  served  as a G. O. P. county chairman in Indianapolis , and his father , who was a prominent lawyer in the city , attended every national convention from Warren Harding's time until 1960 .   
The judge declined to discuss why he replaced Mr. Jacobsen, who had been appointed last June to an 18-month term. Judge Ackerman also named an associate trustee, Frank Jackiewicz, a 45-year-old member of the Teamsters who has  served  as shop steward, vice president and secretary/treasurer of Teamsters Local 843.   
Mr. Carlucci has recruited Grant Green, a former aide from his Pentagon stint, as executive secretary. He will name Peter Rodman, a current council staff member and former aide to Henry Kissinger, to  serve  as counsellor, administration sources said.   
In 1879 he was made the first director of the Smithsonian's Bureau of Ethnology , which he founded . He had already helped to found the United States Geological Survey , under the Department of the Interior , and  served  as its second director .   
Sen. Daniel Inouye and Rep. Lee Hamilton, the newly appointed chairmen of the committees charged with investigating the Iran-Contra arms scandal, are as different in style as the Senate and House in which they have  served  for more than two decades.   
He had led the little Pilgrim army for more than thirty years and it had never been defeated . Bradford died six months later ,  serving  as Governor almost to his final day .   
The 63-year-old Mr. Sprinkel is President Reagan's top adviser on a wide range of economic policy matters. A monetarist, he has  served  as chairman since the spring of 1985 and before that was Treasury undersecretary for monetary affairs.   
Then , with the rise of the great Kurdish warrior Saladin , the tide turned against them . Saladin was brought up as a boy among the Seljuks of northern Syria and later  served  in Egypt as commander in chief of the army .   
For this offence he languished in the Tower for six weeks . Later he  served  in the English fleet under Lord Sandwich and distinguished himself by his bravery .   
Its million citizens descend from West Africans brought here as slaves , indentured laborers from India and China , French planters , Spanish adventurers , English merchants and even North Americans . Escaped Negro slaves who  served  with the British during the War of 1812 were resettled in Trinidad .   
Moreover, Bustamante and his advisors in Guatemala City wisely encouraged this refusal by promising to upgrade the status of their governments in the hierarchy of town and city rankings and by granting choice appointments to the Molinas of San Vicente, the Barroetas of San Miguel, and the Carcamos of Santa Ana. In addition, Bustamante sent two prominent Creoles from Guatemala City to  serve  as peace emissaries; one of them replaced the Spanish-born intendant, who presumably had abused his authority at San Salvador.   
However, two facts need correcting. First, Sir John Cowperthwaite  served  as financial secretary during 1961-71, not as governor.   
Here he spent six picturesque and formative years ( 1831-37 ) , working in the store of Denton Offutt till it " petered out " ; managing a mill ; conducting a store with W. F. Berry , who died leaving a heavy debt ( $1,100 ) all of which Lincoln finally paid ; splitting rails and doing odd jobs to earn a scant living ; acting as village postmaster ; traversing the county as deputy surveyor ; and all the while reading law , studying grammar , widening his acquaintance , following the trends of national politics , and laying the foundations for a wide personal influence . It was during this period that he  served  in the Black Hawk War , being unanimously elected captain by the men of his company .   
It is a mistake to place a military officer in such a position. No matter how professionally able, a military officer  serving  on the NSC staff must become, in some measure, a political animal. (Regrettably, politics also makes tight security very difficult to accomplish.)   
Mr. Huelskoetter declined to comment. Mr. Walker most recently  served  as manager of international market development for a division of FMC Corp., the company said.   
At the former he set up William Wollaston's The Religion of Nature Delineated ( 1725 ) which inspired him to write and print a refutation A Dissertation on Liberty and Necessity , Pleasure and Pain ( 1725 ) , in which he presented , cleverly for a boy , the current theory of necessity . He returned to Philadelphia in October 1726 , with Mr. Denham , a Quaker merchant , in whose shop he  served  as clerk , learning accounts and becoming " expert in selling . "   
Sons go off into the world, daughters to study in Europe, and other family members to work in Africa, Asia, and the islands of the Pacific. Our own elder daughter writes from the rural Philippines, where she and her husband and four sons  serve  under a mission board.   
President Reagan brought an experienced political operator to the new White House team by naming Kenneth Duberstein his deputy chief of staff. Mr. Duberstein, currently vice president of the big Washington consulting firm Timmons & Co.,  served  in the Ford administration and in the first Reagan term, where for two years he headed the White House Legislative Affairs office.   
John lives in Upper Montclair , New Jersey . Jack graduated from Princeton University , later  served  in the Navy in World War II , and has worked in various fields of industrial engineering .   
At least one of the difficulties Wilcox encountered the view that an executive's retirement reduces his value as a director appears to be receding. A growing number of chief executives are looking for men around sixty-two to  serve  as directors from their retirement until around seventy.   
Alleghany said Mr. Kirby, chairman, and Allan P. Kirby Jr., a director, intend to vote their shares, about 21.6% of the common outstanding, in favor of the plan. The company also said it expects that its current directors and principal executives will continue to  serve  in the new company.   
Of course , there is another side to the story , too . In Seattle , four judges rotate  serving  six-month terms in juvenile court .   
Dr. H. H. Powers has put all these things and many more , humorous and tragic , into a book for our entertainment . " ( Walkabout , Melbourne ) In 1967 Eduardo Mallea began a novelistic trilogy , the first part entitled La barca de hielo ( " The Boat of Ice " ) . In this book one of the secondary characters was a man named Adhemar Ribas who  served  as a family biographer .   
Mr. Brant, the government charges, passed some of the information on to Mr. Clark, who is charged with making $453,000 in illegal trading profits. Mr. Brant is expected to  serve  as a government witness at Mr. Clark's trial.   
Messrs. Wright and Byrd have  served  in Congress since the 1950s, and they spent four years together in the House.   
My chief service to the M. O. B. so far has been on the Legislative Committee , and as Student Division president .  Serving  as Student Division president has taught me much about the M. O. B. and given me a good insight into its day-to-day operation .   
Moreover, industry sources warn, demand for some OPEC oil next month may be close to nil. "There is a crisis of confidence" in OPEC's ability to maintain its price and production agreement, said Nordine Ait-Laoussine, managing director of Nalcosa, a Geneva, Switzerland, oil consultant who  served  as senior OPEC delegate for Algeria in the past.   
He previously was president of Lockheed-California. -- Ben R. Rich, 62, who also will  serve  as general manager of advanced development projects, which generally are classified defense programs.   
Another Texan, economist George W. Rogers, still is being considered, but "it looks like Kelley is it" because of the powerful Treasury chief's backing, an official said. Mr. Kelley probably will be nominated to  serve  the rest of Mr. Rice's term, which ends Jan. 31, 1990.   
We can support on the local level what the National Federation of the Blind is doing on a national level . I have enjoyed  serving  on the legislative and scholarship committees . I have also served as secretary of the student division .   
For reasons not entirely clear, though Washington's knowledge of the country and the influence of Dinwiddie are the probable explanations, Braddock offered Washington the position of aide on his staff. His military ambitions were still alive and this opportunity to  serve  under a professional soldier appealed to him.   
Dante C. Fabiani, who last week was named acting chairman and chief executive of Northview, will remain a director, the company said. Northview, an owner and operator of hotels, said Mr. Loeffler also will  serve  in the new position of president, which replaces a three-member office of the president.   
Some companies -- concerned about their ability to attract and keep directors in light of growing litigation against directors and the difficulty in getting adequate liability coverage -- have been adopting similar proposals. Dun & Bradstreet said, however, that to date, it hasn't had any difficulty attracting people to  serve  as directors.   
He was a Rhodes scholar and attended Oxford University in England for three years , where he received a law degree . During World War II he  served  overseas with the 4th Canadian Armored Division and after the war was a member of the Canadian War Crimes unit .   
In his teens he fought with the Night Squads , then took charge of training underground officers . During the Israeli War of Independence in 1948-49 , he  served  as chief of operations , and liked to line the walls of his operations room with ancient Roman maps of his country .   
Administration sources said Col. North's boss, then National Security Adviser John Poindexter, became concerned about Col. North's Contra aid network in August and tried to ease Col. North out of his role as overseer of the administration's Central American policies. Although Col. North had  served  as the administration's chief liaison to the Contras since 1984, Adm. Poindexter assigned another NSC staffer to attend the CIA briefing for the president in September, administration officials said.   
Mr. Menges  served  President Reagan as a special assistant for national-security affairs from 1983-86.   
In 1974, Mr. Owens was a vocal member of the House Judiciary Committee that approved three articles of impeachment 10 days before President Nixon resigned. But in 1987, Mr. Owens says he wouldn't have  served  on the Iran-Contra panel, even if he had been asked.   
The sleeves were made of old family lace , the veil of tulle . Mortimer Rodgers was the best man and Dick's two best friends , Larry Hart and Herbert Fields ,  served  as ushers .   
But oil specialists say the effect of the rift between Saudi Arabia and Iran is likely to intensify later in the year, as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' full conference in December draws near. Indeed, the vulnerabilities of the cartel could be "somewhat exacerbated by the confrontation" between Saudi Arabia and Iran, said James Schlesinger, senior adviser to Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and former secretary of defense and of energy, who also  served  as director of the Central Intelligence Agency.   
In 1822 a joint meeting of the legislature nominated him for the presidency , and other states soon followed . He was also reelected to Congress , where he  served  from 1823 to 1825 , being again the choice of that body for speaker .   
First City's problems underscore the severity of the recession in Texas, and is a blow to the stature of one of Houston's founding corporate families. First City's fortunes have been tied to Texas's booms and busts, and especially in Houston where the late Judge James A. Elkins, who  served  briefly as a county judge, founded the bank and a huge law firm.   
Mr. Blicher, 42 years old, will retain the position of chief operating officer. He succeeds Aaron A. Gold, who will continue to  serve  as chairman and chief executive officer, the financial services concern said.   
" How will you ever make a book from all that ? " To Conan Doyle , the knights who  served  under the banner of the Royal Plantagenets , and the bowmen they led , were like old friends .   
Another American who represented several corporations in Peking was Harned Pettus Hoose , a Los Angeles attorney . Hoose came with impressive credentials : he was raised in China by missionary parents ,  served  there during World War II , and speaks the Peking dialect fluently .   
Mr. Bijur is a vice president of Texaco and has been a director of the oil company's 78%-owned Canadian unit since 1982. The company said Mr. Bijur has "broad experience in marketing, public affairs and strategic planning," having  served  two years as assistant to Texaco chairman John K. McKinley and handled several special assignments.   
" In elementary school we learned the names of the eight states which sent the most representatives to Congress and how many there were from our home state then all that went down the drain by the new reapportionment law . We learned all the presidents' names and dates when they  served  , but we never found out what made the good presidents what way nor how bad presidents get into office .   
The way they see it, if people are going to invest in Hong Kong, they may as well invest in Taiwan." Mr. Chan, who  served  on an advisory committee that helped draft the new regulations, said the rejection of Hong Kong led to contention between Taiwan SEC officials and investment advisers who consider the colony a lucrative market.   
Sen. Leahy began by urging Judge Sentelle's wife and daughters not to miss the cherry blossoms. He told the judge, "by all accounts that I have read, you  served  with a great deal of distinction in your home state."   
Mr. Fulton, 33 years old, is president of closely held Fulton Financial Group, a Pittsburgh-based investment company. As co-chairman, Mr. Fulton will  serve  with the current chairman, William Levy, 37.   
He is an associate professor at San Fernando Valley State College , teaching exercise , physiology , and scuba diving . He also  serves  as Director of the Human Performance Laboratory at San Fernando Valley State College .   
With a show of force the English troops overawed the Dutch , Stuyvesant capitulated , and the red cross of St. George went up along the Hudson . New Amsterdam became New York , with Willet , a Leyden Saint , as its first English mayor ,  serving  three years before returning to receive Plymouth's congratulations .   
Whether she really wanted them or not remains uncertain . The little lame lady who passed her courageous life between a depressing home and various clubs and societies for emancipated women in which she  served  as secretary or manager remains the elusive sphinx of Butler's history .   
They had broken over that junior ministership, the first step on the ladder he knew she desired. Pater didn't admire the Minister and he couldn't  serve  with a man whom he didn't respect.   
Gen. Henry Knox forthwith raised the question of precedence, refusing to  serve  if the generals were ranked according to the order of Washington's published list.   
Its members, elected on the basis of professional achievement, are mainly doctors and other health professionals but at least 25% must be lawyers, economists, social scientists and other nonmedical professionals. In return for the honor of belonging, members  serve  without pay on study committees the institute sets up to examine important health issues or to answer specific congressional and agency requests for help.   
B. Dalton said Mr. Riggio, 45, chairman and chief executive officer of Barnes & Noble, will take over leadership of B. Dalton when Mr. Swenson leaves. Mr. Swenson, who has been asked to  serve  as a consultant to B. Dalton, said, "It is important for the leadership to be in place when this important new juncture for the company is reached."   
What's more, all the employees go to work together in one bus. Caterpillar does not place many local people in positions of responsibility in its overseas subsidiaries, nor is the company particularly interested in importing foreign executives to  serve  in Peoria.   
They gave me a corner in the school paper for my humor and poetry , and my own penciled newspaper , Snap , was passed surreptitiously around the school and into the homes of my admirers . Pop  served  his last session at the Capitol that winter , for it was the beginning of the end of Nonpartisan League control .   
Paine was all enthusiasm, since whatever he might think of France at the present moment, he was convinced that the real enemy to the Revolution of the world was the government of England. He told Barere that he would not  serve  personally as a commissioner, even though he planned to return to America at the end of the year.   
Oklahoma ! also invaded the world outside the United States . Companies sprouted in Europe , Scandinavia , South Africa , Australia , and in every Pacific area where American armed troops  serving  in World War II were stationed .   
The text of In the Beginning is from the book of Genesis . A mezzo-soprano solo  serves  as narrato , and the story of the Creation is told in antiphonal dialogue between the narrator and the people , as represented by the chorus .   
Ordinary workers also participate in other managerial duties, such as helping to supervise financial operations and quality-control measures. Some even  serve  alongside engineers in the development of new production machinery and techniques.   
Joe Hrudka, Mr. Gasket's chairman and chief executive officer, said he will assume the additional responsibilities of president and chief operating officer. Mr. Hrudka, 48, is the founder of Mr. Gasket and  served  as president before naming Mr. Braun to that job.   
The company's reputation was forged by William La Porte, chairman until 1981, who was known both for holding the investment community in disdain and for his stern fiscal management. Mr. Stafford was hired by Mr. La Porte in 1970 to become American Home's general counsel, having previously  served  on the legal staff at Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. "La Porte brought him into the inner circle very early," says a colleague, and in 1981, when John W. Culligan became chairman and chief executive, Mr. Stafford was made president.   
Mr. Moore, the 44-year-old son of the founder of this maker of industrial instruments, was also named to the newly created post of chief operating officer. As president, he succeeds E.G. Rorke, 64, who will continue to  serve  as chairman and chief executive officer.   
However, when jurors fail to reach a unanimous verdict, they can tell the judge they are hopelessly deadlocked. According to the court transcript, the misunderstanding came to light after Judge Cook dismissed the jurors and invited them into his chambers to "thank (them) for having  served ."   
Pullman-Peabody, which is based in Princeton, N.J., was formed as a result of the merger. "He was up against an extremely clever adversary and he won, hands down," recalls Wilbur L. Ross Jr., managing director of Rothschild Inc., who  served  as investment banker to Peabody International during the transaction.   
The first of these accidents was the absence from the Kent campus of its chief administrator, Dr. Robert I. White. Just before trouble broke out on Friday night, May 1, President White departed for Mason City, Iowa, to  serve  in his role as chairman of the board of the American College Testing Program.   
Typical of the Quaker work among the freedmen was that of Cornelia Hancock , a young Hicksite Quaker from Hancock Bridge , New Jersey . Cornelia became a Civil War nurse when scarcely twenty ,  served  on several famous battle fields , and worked among the contraband outside of Washington .   
Denounced and arrested, he was sent to prison. (While there he wrote much of his finest poetry.) A few years later, Quat was reinstated and called back to officialdom to  serve  as a schoolmaster.   
Two million American troops were hauled to Europe by the Navy without loss of a single life . Other Annapolis men  served  in patrol boats , mine layers and armed yachts . Many served at the forty-five air stations in France , and some earned golden wings for flying in war missions .   
They both stood tall, men with wide shoulders and lean hips, young in years but seasoned a rocky hard by the frontier. Two years the older, Del had less than six months left to  serve  with the cavalry, after which he would come to the Wagonwheel to go partners on the stock ranch there.   
Mr. Olsen, reached at his Connecticut home last night, declined to comment. But it's possible, officials said, that nobody would be named to  serve  out the Wallich term because there would be little time left once the nominee had passed security clearances and Senate confirmation.   
He succeeds Carl L. Randolph, 64, who is retiring after 17 years in the position. Mr. Randolph will continue to  serve  as vice chairman.   
The reason for the retirement, which is effective Jan. 9, wasn't given. Mr. Probst will continue to  serve  as special consultant to Unisys, the company said.   
While we cannot at this time point to any really victorious gains at this time , yet due to the severe pressure applied , no doubt , there appears some evidence hopefully that the Society is undergoing change and improvement , albeit with reluctance . For instance , there presently are five blind persons with possibly a sixth coming up  serving  on their governing board , although none selected by the " Organized Blind . "   
Most Academy men saw action in the Pacific where the United States fought single-handed except for slight help from Australia and the Dutch . Officers in the European theater  served  at the invasions of Africa , Italy and France or were assigned to escort duty on the Atlantic convoys .   
Guy F. Atkinson Co. said its Walsh Construction Co. unit received a contract valued at about $80 million to  serve  as general contractor for construction of the Symphony Towers office complex in San Diego.   
They liked his wit , charm , common sense and honesty ; he was shrewd but not canny , ambitious but not ruthless . In the past he had  served  several years in the Illinois legislature and also went to Washington for one term as a Congressman .   
Mr. Kuhns, who was president and chief executive from 1967 to 1974, and was named chairman in 1974, had retired last May but remained a director. He will also  serve  as chairman and chief executive of the three operating subsidiaries and a service subsidiary -- Jersey Central Power & Light Co., Metropolitan Edison Co. and Pennsylvania Electric Co., and GPU Service Corp. -- and will be chairman of GPU Nuclear Corp.   
The typical response is for the directors themselves to resign on innocuous grounds that will not embarrass either the company or its president. None of this should be surprising if one accepts Mace's explanation of how and why directors are chosen, and why they agree to  serve .   
Retired industry employees and lawyers who have occasionally represented brokerage firms would be transferred to the industry roster within three years. Spouses of industry employees would no longer be able to  serve  as public arbitrators.   
She designed entire homes for women with heart trouble and other disabilities , showing them how they could keep house in a wheelchair , peel a potato with one hand , make a bed on crutches . She was a personal friend of Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Hoover , and when Hoover became President she  served  as a member of the Organization on Unemployment Relief .   
Dr. Arthur W. Galston , professor of biology at Yale University , recently had a two-hour interview with China's Premier Chou En-lai . During the course of the interview Dr. Galston said that he had noticed that there apparently were still few women  serving  on government committees .   
Before assuming his Fed post last year, he was a senior vice president at Bank of America and taught international financial management at the University of California at Berkeley. He has also  served  as chief of the financial studies division of the International Monetary Fund and is credited with an extensive knowledge of international economic issues. . . .   
The convention unanimously selected Jefferson Davis of Mississippi as provisional President and a Georgian , Alexander Stephens , as Vice-President . Davis , a West Pointer , had  served  in the regular army and was a hero of the Mexican War . He was also a brilliant orator and an aristocratic intellectual who had served his native state in Congress ( 1846-47 ) and the Senate ( 1857-61 ) .   
A regular election was scheduled for November, 1861. At that time, the voters would cast ballots for a permanent government senators, congressmen and also a president and vice-president to  serve  a six year term.   
He leaves for The Hague tomorrow. Commissioner Charles Cox will  serve  as acting chairman until Mr. Ruder is confirmed.   
In some neighbor island schools, older elementary students take turns helping keep the lower grade and kindergarten rooms clean. Sixth-grade boys and girls  serve  as junior police officers.   
If the brightest stone lie in the deepest mine should I not dig so far? Where a man might be disposed to lead a regiment might he not also be content to  serve  in an Army?   
Confidence is a good medicine . Back in college I earned room and board for a couple of years  serving  as janitor in a home for old women .   
"It establishes this institution" as the largest in the South, and as it works its way out of the Texas recession, "we'll be able to expand into other parts of the country," he added. Mr. Fronterhouse will  serve  as president and chief executive officer of the new banking firm, to be named First RepublicBank Corp. Robert H. Stewart III, InterFirst's chairman and chief executive officer, will serve as chairman.   
They boarded the sleds and glided eastward in silence, past the moose Jim had slain, and onward without stopping. The Londoner sleds led the way; Colin had joined the New Yorker party to  serve  as guide in case they became separated from the others.   
Odd isn't it? I used to  serve  in a battleship.   
After Brewster's death , when it was a question of naming his successor as ruling elder , the chice lay between Southworth and Thomas Cushman , who had also grown up in the Bradford household , and the old governor virtually made the choice himself by directing his stepson toward the magistracy . Southworth's younger brother , Constant , Prence's brother-in-law through marriage to another of the Colliers , also  served  frequently as an assistant governor in later years .   
I want to say at this time that it has given me a lot of experience . As treasurer of the Minnesota Organization of Blind I have  served  the total sum of 14 years and 4 months .   
Stations in cities bordering the reservation often employ Navajo announcers to reach the estimated 65,000 members of the tribe who understand little or no English . One such announcer , Raymond Nakai , became tribal chairman and  served  two terms before being defeated by MacDonald .   
Federal spending on education , for example , has increased fivefold in the past decade . When Elliot Richardson  served  in HEW as an Assistant Secretary during the Eisenhower years , the department administered 100 programs with 60,000 employees and a budget of $15 billion .   
Despite denials , Washington's plans for policing the Mideast cease-fire call for a joint American-Soviet monitoring effort probably during the crucial stage beginning at the end of the 90-day truce ( in November ) . U.S. officials don't even exclude the possibility of U.S. and Soviet personnel  serving  side by side on a truce team during this sensitive period .   
Wayne S. Smith was present at the dawn of the Cuban Revolution in 1959, as a young member of the staff of the U.S. Embassy in Havana. From 1979 to 1982, he  served  as head of the U.S. Interests Section in Cuba, the equivalent of ambassador in all but title.   
For the year, net fell 57% to $6.4 million, or 42 cents a share. Mr. Kucha, 46, an attorney and a director of the company, had  served  as chief executive of Iomega in 1982 and 1983, when he spearheaded a reorganization.   
Members of the UN family not only contribute thousands of tons of food for distribution through the FAO each year, but also provide funds that enable this world-wide organization to send skilled technical experts to work in underdeveloped countries. These experts  serve  in the countries requesting their help in much the same manner as the technicians provided by our own Agency for International Development and the Peace Corps.   
The proposal for a standing European Security Commission is contained in Toward the Reconciliation of Europe : New Approaches for the U.S. , the U. N. , and NATO , a Report of a National Policy Panel established by the United Nations Association of the United States of America , released on February 2 , 1969 . Chairman of the Panel was Theodore C. Sorensen ; Henry A. Kissinger  served  as a member of the Panel until his selection by President Nixon as his Special Assistant for National Security Affairs .   
In the memo, Col. North also expressed suspicions that either "Schwimmer pocketed" some monies on the same transaction, or "there was a kickback" to Iranian officials. Meanwhile, attorneys familiar with the Iran-Contra criminal investigation said that the independent counsel's office has asked for tax returns of Col. North and a close associate, Richard Secord, a retired Air Force major general who  served  as Col. North's right-hand man in both the Iran and Contra operations.   
A native of Elgin , Illinois , Mr. Nitz received his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Bradley University , Peoria , Illinois , and his Master of Fine Arts from the University of Illinois . He  served  as art director of the Turks Head Review Magazine for which he also wrote some articles and collaborated on others .   
Some bank observers expressed surprise that some members of the board, which now faces several holder lawsuits, were unaware of Mellon's loan-loss problems. "If there are going to be losses, that should show up in the monthly financial reviews," said Jerry McAfee, former chairman of Gulf Oil Co., who  served  on Mellon's board between 1977 and 1981 and then on Mellon's Advisory Board between 1981 and 1984.   
If the new draft draws criticism, it won't be anything new to the commission. Beginning with a flap over who should  serve  on the commission that delayed its start for a year, running through criticism of the September draft, and continuing with the uproar over the death penalty, the panel has been continually tangled in controversy.   
Mr. Siehl couldn't be reached for comment. Lewis T. Lipton, 47, who assumed the duties of president and chief operating officer last month, will  serve  additionally as acting chief executive officer, Corvus said.   
This organization, financed by the institutions, would employ and itself pay, perhaps $100,000 a year each a number of highly competent professional directors. Each would  serve  on several boards, representing all institutions and their shareholders.   
Illness had drawn and soured the face , quickened the temper , and laid a mask of irascibility over innate kindness . A veteran of the sea , Preble had  served  with distinction aboard a privateer and ships of the Massachusetts navy during the Revolutionary War .   
Stanley Tulchin, chairman of Reprise Capital, was named chairman of the portrait photography concern, succeeding Clinton L. Byrnes, who resigned in June, the company said. PCA also said John Grosso, former president and chief executive officer of Nimslo International Ltd., was named president and chief executive officer, succeeding Ronald A. Norrelli, a management consultant who had been  serving  as interim president since Mr. Byrnes and two other top PCA officers resigned in June.   
WALTER ADOLPHE ROBERTS , born in 1886 in Kingston , Jamaica , has spent most of his life in the United States where he has been active as a poet , journalist , novelist , and biographer . During World War I he was war correspondent for the Brooklyn Eagle and he  served  as editor of Ainslee's Magazine and associate editor of Hearst's International Magazine .   
" This was in the days just before Huntley departed the Huntley-Brinkley Report, thus ending the most famous team in the history of news broadcasting. It had started in 1956, when NBC had assigned Huntley and Brinkley to  serve  as anchormen for the national political conventions.   
Orion Capital Corp. named Robert B. Sanborn, 58 years old, president and chief operating officer of the insurance holding company. Mr. Sanborn was formerly president and chief executive officer of New Hampshire Insurance Co., a unit of American International Group Inc., an insurance holding company, and  served  as an executive vice president and director of AIG. Mr. Sanborn succeeds Edward J. Hobbs, 55, who resigned because of illness but continues as senior executive consultant to the company and as a director.   
I plan to go back to Georgia to enjoy the birth of a new grandchild in August and generally to have time to spend with my wife, family and friends." Mr. Henkel, a 58-year-old Atlanta tax attorney and real estate developer, was appointed to the three-member Bank Board Nov. 7 after the Senate adjourned without acting on his nomination, and  served  awaiting confirmation.   
The judges ordered the prosecutor to determine whether Mr. Deaver, after leaving the White House, "aided and assisted Canadian officials" or "acted as a representative" for the Canadian government during a meeting about the problem of acid rain with Drew Lewis, who was then President Reagan's special envoy on the issue. While he  served  at the White House, Mr. Deaver "made recommendations, gave advice and otherwise participated substantially" in high-level deliberations concerning whether the U.S. should heed Canadian requests to take action to control acid rain, according to a report submitted to the court by the Justice Department.   
There is a strong consensus among scholars as to the merits of past justices. In 1970, 65 experts on the Supreme Court were asked to evaluate the performance of the 96 justices who had  served  on the court from 1789 to 1969. Of the 12 classified as great, eight were appointed and served during the 20th century: Oliver Wendell Holmes, Charles Evans Hughes, Louis Brandeis, Harlan Fiske Stone, Benjamin Cardozo, Hugo Black, Felix Frankfurter and Earl Warren.   
He subsequently was named senior vice president-planning and finance, and then senior vice president of the paperboard and packaging segment. From 1974 to 1977, he  served  as deputy director of the federal Office of Management and Budget.   
" As soon as he saw that I had a part in the case and was recommending it? I've also heard that he's piqued about being dragged in to  serve  on the Committee.   
Timur died in 1404 , soon after the departure of the ambassadors . His son Shah Rukh , who succeeded him , moved the capital to Herat in Khorasan , where he had been  serving  as governor .   
There are probably a few Quakers in the conservative John Birch Society , as well as the liberal Americans for Democratic Action . Though the Friends are often in the news for opposition to war , many individual Quakers have  served  in the armed forces .   
Mr. White, a 43-year-old economics professor on leave from New York University's business school, is expected to win confirmation easily. A Democrat, Mr. White previously has  served  in both the Carter and Reagan administrations.   
James Pastoriza , president of Pastoriza Electronics until it was acquired by Analog Devices in 1969 , has joined Memodyne Corp. , Newton Upper Falls , Mass. , as president . Pastoriza had been  serving  as vp , new product development , and board member of Analog .   
During the next ten years he grew familiar with the loot-piled quays of Tortuga and the smoke of burning Spanish towns . Having no money or skill in the art of navigation , he  served  in the crews aboard the buccaneering ships .   
After the even battle , the North and South both used the name monitor to designate a new type of warship . Wooden frigates were still in use , but young men going into either navy  served  in the strange experimental vessels .   
Mr. Balog, son of a Pennsylvania immigrant coal miner, worked as a chemist and a budget official at Merck & Co. before coming to Wall Street in 1961 as a securities analyst and portfolio manager. In 1969, he joined the research firm of William D. Witter Inc. and  served  as its chairman.   
Von Molitor's greeting was as genial as his appearance: " It's a pleasure to meet somebody from the Navy for a change. I know you  serve  in the U-boat force.   
"You know Lieutenant MacLellan? He will  serve  as my "friend" before the Court.   
McKean's offer to step down from the post of chairman of the Board of Governors falls short of the mark," Rep. Ford said yesterday. "Certainly, if he's not fit to  serve  as chairman, he's not fit to serve as a member of the board.   
Seeking to cut its losses , it sold the colony to the city of Amsterdam , retaining the land on both sides of the fort . The burgomasters of Amsterdam renamed the fort New Amstel and inveigled William Beekman , of New Amsterdam , into  serving  as governor .   
In the story, boasting is impermissible, but the young American admits that sometimes "after the cocktail hour" he would imagine himself a war hero only to recognize that he was incapable of brave deeds because he was very afraid to die. It is an astonishing story to have been written by a young American who  served  in Italy in World War I and -- both before and after the cocktail hour -- boasted, exaggerated and told huge lies about his exploits and his wounds.   
The writer  served  as special assistant to the chairman of the American Bar Association Commission on Professionalism.   
A native of Brooklyn , Cafiero came to Chrysler in 1953 when the company acquired the auto-body business of his employer , Briggs Manufacturing . Before that , he had graduated from Dartmouth College , spent a year in the postwar Navy , and  served  in various engineering capacities with Ford Motor .   
A Princeton-trained mathematician , he directs a large staff that includes about 450 Ph.D.'s at Yorktown Heights , New York . At headquarters in Armonk , a chief scientist  serves  on the corporate staff . That post has been held by Dr. Emanuel R. Piore , sixty-three , a noted physicist who retired recently but who still serves in an advisory capacity .   
Military service was set at twelve months but was extended to eighteen months in 1962 . At the end of 1966 the Bundeswehr had reached a strength of some 460,000 men , of whom 98,000  served  in the air force and 33,000 in the navy .   
Imagine you are with a group of students visiting a lighthouse . A scientist is  serving  as your group's guide .   
The Empie family's connection to United Oklahoma stretches back three generations, and family members at one point held 15% of the bank's stock. During his tenure at United Oklahoma, the younger Mr. Empie, a blunt-spoken banker,  served  as president of the Oklahoma Bankers Association, the state's leading trade group.   
But those familiar with the exchange say two candidates who have been vying for the position are William B. Bradt, an independent floor trader, and Stanley R. Meierfeld, Merc vice chairman. Both men  serve  on the Merc board of directors.   
Messages left at the National Bank of Sussex County, of which he is president, weren't returned. Mr. Rough, who is in his late 40s, allegedly leaked the information while he  served  as a New York Federal Reserve Bank director from January 1982 through December 1984.   
In 1910 Burton Wheeler was elected to the state house of representatives . He became United States District Attorney for Montana in 1913 ,  serving  until 1918 .   
" Those Committee appointments have been running six months . " " So Gordon will be  serving  until October , " said Laden .   
Shearson confirmed that Thomas I. Unterberg, the 56-year-old former chairman of L.F. Rothschild, will head the group, and A. Robert Towbin, 50, Rothschild's former vice chairman, will be co-head. Mr. Unterberg will also  serve  on the investment banking policy committee of Shearson, which is a unit of American Express Co.   
On both sides , politics was a way of life . His father , Joseph P. Kennedy , was active in politics and had  served  as ambassador to Britain .   
As previously reported, three executives departed during the internal investigation before Mr. Long: Joseph E. Martino, vice president, sales, of the company's beer unit; John C. Lodge, manager of national sales promotion events; and Michael A. Orloff, vice president of the beer unit's wholesale operations division. Mr. Martino  served  a stint as executive assistant to Mr. Long and was seen by insiders as his heir apparent.   
From the time of his graduation from West Point , Davis had fancied himself as a military leader . Like Abraham Lincoln , he had  served  in the frontier skirmish known as the Black Hawk War , but , unlike Lincoln , he had never been inclined to ridicule the role he played in that unheroic episode .   
The Sex Information and Education Council of the U.S. (SIECUS) is a voluntary nonprofit organization dedicated to the establishment and exchange of information and education about human sexual attitudes and behavior, as set forth in the SIECUS statement of purpose: " To establish man's sexuality as a health entity: to identify the special characteristics that distinguish it from, yet relate it to, human reproduction; to dignify it by openness of approach, study, and scientific research designed to lead towards its understanding and its freedom from exploitation; to give leadership to professionals and to society, to the end that human beings may be aided towards responsible use of the sexual faculty and towards assimilation of sex into their individual life patterns as a creative and re-creative force. " The SIECUS Board of Directors is comprised of fifty men and women who  serve  voluntarily for three years, but whose term may be extended by a second three years or by election to office.   
Mr. Iosue's suggested norm of a 12-hour teaching load would preclude virtually all faculty research, impair the work of conscientious teachers, and lead to further reductions in the supply of qualified professors in many fields. Perhaps he forgets that professors must also advise students,  serve  on committees, interact with alumni and employers, and attend institutional functions.   
We want textbooks written by Afro-Americans that are acceptable to us to be used in these schools. The Organization of Afro-American Unity will select and recommend people to  serve  on local school boards where school policy is made and passed on to the Board of Education.   
We could distinctly hear the sounds of cries , shouts and gunfire . " Jane had  served  in the W. R. N. S.   
But the firm had its dissenters to this policy , and among them was Don Regan . In 1950 , then thirty-one years old and  serving  as Bob Magowan's assistant , Regan wrote a memo strongly urging that Merrill Lynch should begin to sell mutual funds .   
Abdul broke into a grin despite himself. Not only would the sahib see buzkashi now, but he, Abdul, would get a chance to  serve  again as our chief interpreter and not have to share the limelight with Tawab.   
If they're so reckless , why don't they get married ? General Features Corp. A Washington bureaucrat who has  served  under several administrations and has gone through many investigations moved into a new home .   
The next year he had to capitulate , and in good time the names of Thomas Howland and Prence Howland were inscribed on the baptismal roll of the church . 3 But the strongest resistance came from Scituate , articulated by Assistant Governors James Cudworth and Timothy Hatherly . The latter had  served  on the General Court almost continuously for more than twenty years .   
Wherever jazz is heard, it speaks to people in a universal language, instantly and joyously understood. American jazzmen  serve  as invaluable ambassadors of good will.   
Bloc balloting and voting to win combined to put a political label on the minority . The Irish Vote , the Polish Vote , the Jewish Vote became visible in the presence of men  serving  in public office .   
The Oregon case could go either way. The contested Hayes vote there had been cast by an elector who had forgotten to disclose that he was a postmaster, hence a federal employee, hence ineligible to  serve .   
True, the top National Security Adviser should be a civilian, since our nation's commitment to civilian control over the military is absolute. But there is no moral dilemma in having officers  serve  on the NSC staff.   
He joined the Communist Party in 1944 and is said to have supervised the construction of the Siberian branch of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, home of the economic avatars of perestroika, Tatyana Zaslavskaya and Abel Aganbegyan. From 1965 until 1983, Mr. Ligachev  served  as first secretary of the regional Communist Party in Tomsk, a grim Siberian city almost directly north of Mongolia.   
Mr. Barrone also held the post of chief executive officer, which wasn't filled. Mr. Kane, who has  served  as a director of Citadel and Fidelity since late 1985, said he won't resign immediately as a partner in the San Diego law firm of Haskin, Nugent, Newnham, Kane & Zvetina.   
And the iron works ? To hell with the iron works ! he might have said , but even more richly , for there was no one who  served  under him who did not attest to his fine command of language .   
Mr. Hamilton, with his graying crew cut and flat-toned voice, is a minister's son from a Midwest river port city. Although instinctively measured in their politics, both men have taken on some of the character of the houses in which they  serve .   
He worked his way up through various bureaus that set industrial and trade policies. But Mr. Watanabe, who has known Mr. Kuroda for 18 years since they  served  together in Geneva, rejects charges that Mr. Kuroda is anti-American.   
Re your commendable May 12 story, "Nonprofit Groups' Push for Profits Riles Many Small-Business Owners": As a small-business owner who has  served  on the boards of several nonprofit groups and as a consultant to both business firms and nonprofit groups, I am familiar with the competition among such organizations as well as with government agencies.   
But that night I went to bed more convinced than ever that this dangerous College , this time bomb lodged near the heart of the nation , must be abolished . Any apprehensions I might have had about the propriety of my  serving  as president of the Electoral College were dissipated the next morning by an extraordinary conversation I had with one of the delegates .   
As reported previously, the three executives who abruptly left Anheuser-Busch during the internal investigation are Joseph E. Martino, vice president, sales, of the company's beer unit; John C. Lodge, manager of national sales promotion events; and Michael A. Orloff, vice president of the beer unit's wholesale operations division. Mr. Martino  served  a stint as executive assistant to Mr. Long and was seen by insiders as Mr. Long's heir apparent.   
Indians elsewhere in the colony were herded into Plymouth and isolated on Clark's Island in the harbor . In spite of all this the Cape tribes proved to be faithful and very useful allies ,  serving  both as scouts and on the firing line .   
Airgas said he decided to resign both posts earlier to pursue "personal interests" and to begin work on special assignments involving acquisitions and foreign sales for the company. Peter McCausland, Airgas's 37-year-old president, whom Mr. Perkins last year designated as his successor, will  serve  as acting chairman and chief executive.   
Upon graduation in June 1843 , the best rider at West Point requested a commission in the cavalry , but as there was no vacancy in that arm , he reported for duty with the 4th Infantry . He  served  two years in Missouri and Louisiana , and in September 1845 joined General Taylor's small but efficient army at Corpus Christi , Tex .   
The point is, they should not have been placed in such a position; it is not good for the military establishment and it is not good for the nation. Even though it might well deprive the nation of the services of able and devoted men, such officers should resign their commissions or not  serve  on the NSC, an inherently political position.   
He succeeds George J. Ellis, 65, as chief executive. Mr. Ellis will continue to  serve  as a director and vice chairman of the bank holding company.   
Hong Kong's chief secretary will  serve  as acting governor of the British colony until a successor is named for Sir Edward Youde.   
Mr. Duncan, 53 years old, currently is president of Singer Co.'s motor products division. He  served  as president and chief operating officer of Murray Ohio from January 1981 to January 1982.   
Bankruptcy judges complain that it isn't nearly as prestigious as other federal judgeships. Unlike their district- and appeals-court brethren, who  serve  for life, bankruptcy judges serve 14-year terms.   
Her husband went to war . Nobody could keep that man from  serving  under General Washington .   
It is also praised for a respectable 20% return on equity and a long string of profit increases, failing to increase earnings only in 1984, when market activity was particularly sluggish, sources said. In one important benchmark of a Wall Street firm's investment banking muscle, the number of corporate underwritings on which it  served  as lead manager, the firm ranks 10th this year, with 2% of the market, according to IDD Information Services Inc. First-ranked Salomon Brothers has a 14.7% market share for the year, as of Tuesday, IDD said.   
Continental contends that its worst service problems are behind it, saying that since February, it processed 25,000 refund requests associated with earlier People Express service. The company added 10 special assistants to the president to  serve  as customer ombudsmen in its major markets and increased the number of its consumer relations department employees to 150 from 57.   
More than 50,000 conscripts are enrolled every year. Further, every able-bodied citizen between the ages of 16 and 65 is liable to  serve  in civil defence, and voluntary defence organisations have about one million members, of whom 350,000 are women.   
Mr. Mann, 57 years old, will fill a vacancy created by the April departure of Charles E. Rickershauser Jr. Since that time, PSE vice chairman Douglas J. Engmann has  served  as acting chief executive and chairman of the exchange's board of governors.   
One-third of the expansion has come through acquisitions and the rest by internal growth . ( Another company , Bunker-Ramo Corp. , which TRW and Ramo formed in 1964 with Martin Marietta Corp. , now has sales of $255 million a year . To form the company , a TRW division was folded into Bunker-Ramo , and for a while Ramo  served  as part-time president of the new business .   
Rudolph A. Nunez . The citation read in part : " On 13 June 1966 Sergeant Nunez  served  as point man for a five-man long-range reconnaissance patrol approximately 50 miles north of Saigon .   
Mr. Kirkorian, 41, also was named to the new post of chief operating officer. He formerly  served  as president, marketing and distribution division, Contel Business Systems, a unit of Contel Corp., a telecommunications company based in Atlanta.   
Mr. Menges  served  as special assistant to the president for national-security affairs from 1983 to June 1986.   
When the Pilgrims offered to supply these on credit , the Bay leaders thanked them but still opposed the project , at length frankly saying that they " had no mind to it , " fearing a violent reaction on the part of the Pequot , 3,000 or 4,000 strong . Very well then , said Winslow , who was  serving  his first term as governor of Plymouth , did they have any objections to Plymouth going ahead alone ?   
For these reasons, at least, we don't think the U.S. got the best possible bargain on behalf of the people of Poland when last week it restored most-favored-nation tariff status and reopened the way for more federally guaranteed credits. Richard T. Davies, a retired career foreign-service officer who  served  as the U.S. ambassador to Poland from 1974 to 1978, says the U.S. should have pressured Warsaw to enact economic reforms as a quid pro quo for dropping sanctions.   
The newly expanded board consists of 10 members of the Ferruzzi agro-industrial group -- which earlier this year lifted its stake in Montedison to 39% -- and an equal number of directors considered loyal to Montedison's chairman, Mario Schimberni. The members of the Ferruzzi group on the new board include Raul Gardini, who  serves  as Montedison vice chairman.   
Martin R. Pollner, corporate counsel for Wedtech, said, "it is clear that the allegations are limited to past conduct of certain former officers and directors rather than the corporation itself, its new management team or Wedtech's present operation." In Washington, meanwhile, Attorney General Edwin Meese testified on Capitol Hill yesterday about his knowledge of Wedtech's efforts to win federal contracts in 1982, when Mr. Meese  served  as counselor to the president.   
Last November, Mr. Parnes, 45, resigned as chief executive. MBI said he will remain a director and  serve  as a consultant to the company.   
Much of an ethicist's work is reassurance. "Frequently, the doctor has pretty much already made his decision and, by and large, made it right," says Bernard Gert, a Dartmouth philosophy professor who has long taught and written about ethics with Dr. Culver and  serves  on the advisory committee.   
"As a matter of principle, I will not run on a deficit." Mr. Rumsfeld, 54 years old, left government after  serving  as White House chief of staff and then defense secretary in the Ford administration.   
She made speeches , wrote articles and books , and helped found many organizations . She was called on to settle labor disputes and  served  on Chicago's Board of Education for several years .   
It was now time to swear in the substitute delegates and there was still no Greenfield. I held a whispered consultation as to what we should do, because no substitute elector is eligible to  serve  unless he has written authorization from the governor attesting to his credentials. In the back of the room I saw the round and beaming face of Sam Frank of Allentown, and I whispered, "I'm sure Sam will serve if we need him."   
By obedience , industry and scholarship , he rose swiftly in Soviet intelligence . From 1951 to 1956 he  served  as an agent in the United States while masquerading as a United Nations employe .   
When he needed to , he could be slippery as any eel . He had  served  as personal secretary to each of the two Edwardian protectors , but as each was decapitated , this sly man somehow managed to save himself .   
She was Alexandrina de Kroll , seventeen-year-old daughter of a noble Russian family and the possessor of a modest fortune . The great author Alexandre Dumas  served  as best man at the wedding and Tsar Alexander II blessed the bride and gave her a diamond ring .   
Grant , one of the finest horsemen to come out of West Point , had a way with beasts as well as men . There was something in his voice that attracted and calmed the animals he loved so well , while the men who  served  under him remarked upon the clarity of his commands .   
Although a shift toward Islamic fundamentalism wouldn't necessarily mean violence, the government worries that the small core of Moslem extremists, who advocate violence to change the government, would spawn new leaders. Given the size of Egypt's army -- about 450,000 men -- and its system of conscription that calls every Egyptian male to  serve  in the army or security police, it isn't surprising that soldiers with extremist tendencies would appear.   
Daisy is a former highflier on the stock market that has had earnings pummeled by intense competition in computer-aided engineering workstations, its chief product. Investor confidence was further eroded last year by an exodus of top executives, capped by the abrupt resignation of Aryeh Finegold, the company's co-founder who had  served  as its president and chief executive.   
"I need to be in the business world." And he has quickly jumped back in, consulting for a company near his Valhalla, N.Y., home and  serving  as U.S. representative for a Korean manufacturer.   
He used every trick in argument and procedure in addition to his great skill as an orator . Infrequently he appeared as prosecutor for the state , once  serving  under protest for a short time as attorney for Fayette County , but by preference he usually acted for the defense .   
" Sgt . Frank R. Luchart ( Beverly , Mass. ) While  serving  in the dental corps in Vietnam , I was summoned to the dental clinic very late one Sunday night .   
The bus load of excited students left the campus about eight o'clock on this pleasant Thursday morning . They were met at their destination by college students who  served  as guides for the day .   
The man appeared to be alert and intelligent , not one of " the scum of Europe " as the Member of Parliament had once termed the Company's military forces . " Sergeant , how long have you  served  in this area ? "   
Fay's Drug Co. said Daniel A. Herrmann resigned as president, and Peter E. Rhodes as executive vice president, to pursue their respective "business and personal interests." The discount drugstore chain said Henry A. Panasci, chairman and chief executive officer, also would  serve  as president until a successor to Mr. Herrmann is named.   
It also asserts that Mr. Walsh's investigators don't have the power to unilaterally "determine whether a particular prosecution will damage this nation's foreign affairs." The suit also contends that all of the investigators appointed by Mr. Walsh are  serving  without authority, and it seeks an injunction blocking all further investigation by the independent counsel.   
He was always trying to be the first one . " Daniel E. Zeigler of Santa Barbara , California ,  served  with Calley's platoon until he , Zeigler , was seriously injured in a mine accident in mid-February .   
Robert Owen, a conservative activist who  served  as a liaison between Lt. Col. Oliver North and the Nicaraguan Contras, was paid during most of 1985 by the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, the dominant Contra group.   
Based on Grease Monkey's 31 million shares outstanding, the company has an indicated market value of $27.1 million. Grease Monkey said it hired Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co., investment bankers, to  serve  as its financial adviser.   
The Assembly , however , elected him to the governor's Council in 1778 and in 1780 made him a delegate to the Continental Congress . Madison took his seat in Congress Mar. 20 , 1780 , and  served  until December 1783 .   
In their book The Politics of National Party Conventions, authors Paul T. David, Ralph M. Goldman and Richard C. Bain, described the attitudes at Philadelphia this way: The basic premise widely held among the Founding Fathers, themselves mostly bred in an aristocratic tradition, was that there exists a "natural aristocracy" of men imbued with such qualities as virtue, talent, wealth, distinguished descent, learning, and even physical strength. The problem was to devise a method for selecting "the best" from among this natural aristocracy to  serve  as chief executive of the United States.   
A major question is whether these monies were being surreptitiously used to benefit Col. North, who was overseeing the covert arms sales. Ms. Napier, who has had a longer association with Gen. Secord than Ms. Corbin, often  served  as a courier between Col. North and the private network.   
Mrs. McLaughlin, 46 years old, would succeed William Brock, who left the administration in November to run the presidential campaign of Robert Dole (R., Kan.). She would be the second woman to  serve  as labor secretary; Frances Perkins, who held that job in President Franklin Roosevelt's cabinet for 12 years, was the first.   
He formerly was associated with Ampex Corp. and Sandia Corp. He holds a BS degree in electrical engineering from the Univ . of Notre Dame , and has done graduate work in business administration at the Univ . of New Mexico . He is currently  serving  as treasurer of the ACM , and is a member of the Institute of Management Sciences . ) 42-45 .   
" What did he say? " said Rumfoord. Lily had to  serve  as an interpreter.   
NORTH WAS DESCRIBED as involved extensively in aiding the Contras. A former State Department consultant, in testimony before the congressional panels investigating the Iran-Contra affair, said he  served  as a frequent "courier" between the former White House aide and the main Nicaraguan rebel group.   
That's the way you got to do it . " Nobody in the unit , however , admired Medina as much as William L. Calley , Jr. , then a twenty-four-year-old second lieutenant from Miami who was  serving  as a platoon leader .   
The stake includes 34,500 shares purchased from Nov. 20 through Jan. 27 at prices of $16.88 to $18.25 a share. The group, which said in a previous SEC filing that it wanted a seat on the Medalist board, disclosed in its most recent filing that Medalist management has "informally indicated" that Dr. Katz will be nominated to  serve  on the board at the next annual meeting of the Mequon, Wis.-based athletic, industrial and leisure products concern.   
Mr. Hall was president of Southern Railway when it merged with Norfolk & Western Railway in 1982. He became vice chairman earlier this year after  serving  as Norfolk Southern president and chief operating officer.   
But if he had known about the connection earlier, Mr. Walsh acknowledged, "I would have disclosed it to the FBI" during the agency's background investigation of him. A spokeswoman for Mr. Walsh said he continues to  serve  as counsel to Crowe & Dunlevy, which means he isn't a partner in the firm and doesn't share in its profits.   
Some , like Roy Wood , didn't even know the extent of the massacre until the next day . Others , like Charles Sledge , who  served  that day as Calley's radioman , saw more than they want to remember .   
Most of the people I had written about were small time grifters , con men , hustlers , assorted thieves , and unlucky horse players . One of my constant readers had been an occasional thief who had once stolen some jewelry from one of Myron Greene's clients and then had offered to sell it all back providing that I  served  as the go-between .   
Every individual mentioned in the book was a real person. The two commanders under whom I was privileged to  serve  are called by their actual names.   
From 1980 to 1985, he was vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee. During that time, he led voter registration drives and  served  as the Rev. Jesse Jackson's national campaign chairman in his bid for the presidency.   
Dick contributed a well-stocked score of twenty numbers . In addition , he  served  as the conductor , holding a baton in his hand for the first time in his life .   
At a simple White House ceremony on March 9, 1864, Lincoln promoted Grant to lieutenant general, the third American soldier to reach that rank George Washington and Winfield Scott were the others. Three days later, the President made him General-in-Chief of all the Union armies, supplanting Halleck who continued to  serve  as Grant's chief-of-staff.   
Dr. Gwinup received his medical degree from the University of Colorado School of Medicine in 1956 . He  served  his internship and residency at the University of Michigan where he subsequently undertook advanced training in the specialty of Endocrinology and Metabolism .   
One of Franklin D. Roosevelt's first acts of economy was to pull wounded and injured soldiers out of the veterans' hospitals via the notorious Economy Act, which resulted in many suicides and much unfavorable reaction. Huey Long had sought the governorship twice, and if he had been elected the first time he would have been too young to  serve .   
In island schools, boys and girls, from third grade on, share in keeping their classrooms and school buildings clean. Every week, students in each classroom are scheduled to  serve  as monitors on a rotation basis so that all take turns.   
Judge Robert Bork is the most qualified American alive to  serve  on the Supreme Court.   
Last month, Mr. Henkel didn't participate in the Bank Board's approval of a rule restricting the amount of equity investments that thrifts may make. Mr. Henkel was appointed to the Bank Board Nov. 7, after the Senate adjourned without acting on his nomination, and he  serves  while awaiting confirmation.   
" Leave ' em alone, " he facetiously advised his subordinates. " They  serve  as a very good provost guard, preventing straggling and desertion in this man's army."   
He was an important social figure ; he entertained celebrities , politicians and theatrical stars . His wife  served  on the boards of several charities and his daughter attended the best Catholic school .   
I write not as an author of books ; I write as one who has been deeply concerned about the government of this nation and of all nations . In 1960 I  served  as a county chairman for Senator John F. Kennedy and campaigned for him across the country .   
Over Christmas , Peers and a few staff members flew to South Vietnam , and the general made a tour of My Lai 4 and also interviewed a number of Vietnamese officers and survivors about the massacre . He was accompanied during his ground observation by Sergeant Nguyen Dinh Phu , who had  served  as an interpreter for Captain Medina's company on March 16 .   
After his humiliation in the Cockpit, he was stripped of his job as Deputy Postmaster General. But he continued to  serve  as agent for four colonies, and when the newly formed Continental Congress drew up a petition listing America's grievances, Franklin was asked to submit it to Parliament.   
It outlined the curves of her slender body in a way that distinguished her from any Russian woman Tuomi had ever seen . This was Fainna Solasko , daughter of a Russian woman who for years had  served  in the United States as a courtesan to KGB officers and visiting Soviet officials .   
During several decades as a theater owner negotiating terms with studios to show their movies, Mr. Redstone has gained a reputation as an iron-willed deal maker. A graduate of Harvard Law School, where he still teaches an entertainment law course, Mr. Redstone helped crack Japanese signal codes during World War II and later  served  as a special assistant to the U.S. attorney general.   
Hamid R. Momayez-Zadeh succeeded the 64-year-old Mr. Sachs as president of the company, which manufactures and distributes solar water heaters and distillers. Mr. Momayez-Zadeh, 31, who was vice president of finance, also will  serve  as treasurer and continue as a director, Equinox said.   
Steven Roberts, assistant to Federal Reserve Board Chairman Paul Volcker, is leaving the Fed to become a partner in Peat Marwick, Mitchell & Co., the accounting and consulting firm. Mr. Roberts, 42 years old,  served  as Mr. Volcker's liaison to both the banking industry and Congress.   
Attached to the cards were color photographs of dismembered Viet Cong soldiers stacked in a neat pile . A military physician who  served  with Patton said , " In my experience , Patton was neither the best nor the worst of the military there .   
"I'm the liberal who can be trusted," Mr. Mavroules said. Mr. Bennett, who has  served  in Congress for three dozen years, is basing his claim to the chairmanship largely on seniority, the very principle fractured when Mr. Aspin ascended to the chairmanship in 1985.   
Swiss and U.S. officials have said that one of the accounts they are investigating was set up under the name of Lake Resources Inc., a U.S. company. Federal and congressional investigators are trying to determine whether Mr. Secord or others suspected of  serving  as middlemen in some of the covert U.S. arms shipments to Iran may have defrauded the government or profited illegally from the transactions.   
What tragedy it is that they continued to be exploited by politicians, ideologues, opportunists and the media. Nonetheless, each man and woman who  served  there and survived has left irretrievably something of himself or herself together with the bodies of those comrades who lie in the soil of that betrayed and stricken land.   
Mr. Empie said he sought to meet with the newly elected governor, "but he is in a very determined hurry to accomplish my removal." Before being appointed the state's top bank regulator, Mr. Empie  served  as president of United Oklahoma for 16 years, following in the footsteps of his father, who was also president of the bank.   
It's not a practice that I would recommend." A former Dravo executive who still  serves  as a consultant to the company, Lloyd W. "Pat" Donnelly, had succeeded Mr. Kelly and oversaw Dravo's waste-to-energy project contracts.   
What is remarkable , though , is that even some people he has tossed out of their jobs speak highly of him . Fuqua spent nine years in politics starting in 1957 ,  serving  in the Georgia legislature and as chairman of the state's Democratic organization ; he remains a generous contributor to the Democratic party .   
Immediately her toe started jerking and the typewriter clicked , writing message after message . She carries on a correspondence , she said ,  serves  on a committee of a magazine for the handicapped .   
The trio originally included James M. Lykes Jr. of Houston , a member of the New Orleans shipping family ; S. Marcus Greer , a Houston banker ; and J. Sayles Leach , a retired Texaco executive . Leach died in 1967 , and was replaced by Paul R. Haas , a Corpus Christi oilman , who now  serves  as foundation chairman .   
Some knew from the start that their terms of duty would be a total waste. Nobody seriously thought, for instance, that a defense lawyer would let Juan Gonzalez, a prison corrections officer,  serve  on a criminal trial jury.   
More likely is the possibility of a federal appointment , if Nixon is reelected . " There is no doubt , " says a friend who has  served  in Washington , " that they would like to find the right job for Dan . "   
From his encampment he wrote : " An officer fit for duty who at this crisis would abandon his post to electioneer for a seat in Congress ought to be scalped . " This statement , widely broadcast , ensured his election , whereupon he promptly resigned his commission , went to Washington , and  served  in the House of Representatives from 1865 to 1867 .   
The FBI also has come under attack from some lawmakers for allegedly failing to investigate aggressively a pattern of break-ins involving groups opposed to U.S. policy toward Central America. Nevertheless, retired Adm. Bobby Ray Inman, who formerly  served  as CIA deputy director and head of the National Security Agency, expressed both relief and satisfaction at Mr. Webster's nomination.   
But then Hitler came , and my father believed that not even war would be as bad as the Nazis . In the Second War he  served  in the navy and , as my mother came from Casablanca , he had her take me there with her when he went to his ship .   
Solid progress in areas such as local autonomy and press freedom would be of immediate benefit to Koreans. The U.S. also should continue to praise President Chun for his repeated pledges to step down and thus establish a precedent for Korean leaders to  serve  their appointed terms and leave office.   
" In Gabun today the fetish doctor calls up the spirits by the sound of his little bell , interprets to them the requests of the living , and returns with the revelation of their consent or refusal . A similar type of medicine-man now  serves  among the Maoris of New Zealand and the Pelew Islanders , for when he goes into a trance the ghosts can speak through him with a low whistling sound .   
Hettleman and Sommers. According to the indictment, Mr. Hettleman  served  as legal counsel to Merritt and, in that capacity, "knowingly rendered legal opinions and prepared false documents" in order to allow Messrs.   
A good general . The best you've ever  served  under .   
This sounds improbable , as the Cremonese masters had to comply with very strict guild regulations requiring that they should keep and teach an apprentice for a minimum of six years , as has already been mentioned . Even the argument that Stainer began by copying Amati's design is no evidence that he was in Italy ; for in Innsbruck , where he most likely  served  his apprenticeship , there was a splendid , princely court .   
He was an associate with the Milwaukee law firm of Quarles & Brady before joining Northwestern's law faculty in 1961. He  served  as dean from 1977 until 1985, and associates commend his performance as an administrator and fund-raiser.   
" While the Army was preparing its case against him , Lieutenant Calley found himself a lawyer , George W. Latimer of Salt Lake City . The elderly Latimer was highly regarded in military legal circles , having  served  for ten years on the Military Court of Appeals in Washington and also on the Utah State Supreme Court .   
Williams tried to rule Providence in a most democratic manner , with all freemen convening to sit as a court and five selectmen handling everyday affairs . Over the other towns William Coddington  served  as governor , having jurisdiction of the territory east of Narragansett Bay , but the brand of democracy practiced fell far short of the ideal .   
But that's the least of it. What makes the 37-year-old comedian the man to welcome the throng of 75,000 and to  serve  as emcee for the pre-Mass celebratory program has less to do with his size than his stature.   
Personnel. Judge Berg has induced experienced magistrates from other judicial divisions to  serve  a term in traffic court, and lured honor law-school graduates into taking jobs as assistant prosecutors " just to see how you like it."   
We don't know . Of course , we know better and you know better and then afterward , after  serving  his time as a junior dragon , he then became a dragon .   
The Nov. 10 Manager's Journal by Thomas J. Neff brought to light a crisis in corporate board rooms that is essentially invisible to the public, yet unequaled in potential threat to the economy: the growing wariness of  serving  on boards of directors in view of the personal-liability exposure involved.   
At last , he was removed from his post and went back to command the Ninth Corps , where he belonged in the first place . Lincoln selected Joseph Hooker to replace him , a tough combat general who had  served  as an able division commander under both McClellan and Burnside .   
A respectable girl , thundered the newspaper , stayed at home until someone offered to marry her . If she was unlucky enough to remain a spinster , she would live with her parents or relatives the rest of her life ,  serving  as unpaid housekeeper or nurse to the younger children .   
Mr. Nelson, 41 years old, will assume the chief executive's duties that have been handled by Chairman Frank DeFazio, 62. He also succeeds as president B.J. Walker, 67, who will continue to  serve  as vice chairman until he retires in February.   
In a moment he has the answer : two small whales are running alongside about a hundred yards off the starboard beam . " They're sperm , " the skipper adds , for he has turned with an inquiring glance to the bos'n , an old-timer who once  served  a hitch on a whale-catcher out of Eureka , California .   
James Wilson had made his company a major force in Puerto Rican real estate before he turned to the development of St. Charles . And Raymond Nasher , a partner in Flower Mound , has been the developer of a string of successful real-estate ventures and has  served  as chairman of the National Commission on Urban Development .   
A Jew on the Supreme Court has been a tradition since the appointment of Louis D. Brandeis in 1916 . Theodore Roosevelt appointed the first Jew to the cabinet and many have  served  since .   
For years the Kucchis in Afghanistan had enjoyed greater status than the farmers for the simple reason that the terrain of the country was so rugged . They  served  as the traders and carriers of culture , and the farmers were more dependent upon them than the Kucchis were upon the farmers for their food .   
For a reason then obscure to me the Soviets named me as a satisfactory intermediary between them and the British-American authorities seeking the return of one of these prisoners, Margaret Clitheroe. My own government urged me to  serve , an irony I hope will not be lost if this is to be my epitaph.   
Barrios then selected Rafael Zaldivar and Marco Aurelio Soto to head the governments of El Salvador and Honduras respectively . Soto , a sincere liberal who had  served  as a minister in Barrios' government , brought long-needed reforms to Honduras and governed well .   
He would not listen to any one who belittled either Gen . Braxton Bragg or that brilliant but unpopular Jew who  served  both as secretary of war and as secretary of state , Judah P. Benjamin .   
But unlike his other South African compatriots , he held an extremely important job . He wrote a column , " Watching the World from Accra , " for the Ghanaian Times , and he sometimes  served  as an adviser and aid to President Nkrumah .   
The next phase started today rounding up control naturals, giving them their choice of two humane alternatives. Questioning public officials of every sort and determining whether or not they were temperamentally suited to continue to  serve  under the New Order.   
The White House probably won't appoint anyone to  serve  out the term of Federal Reserve Board Governor Henry Wallich, who resigned last month.   
He was proud of his name , proud of his ancestry , but proudest of being a marine . A Vietnam veteran , wounded twice in action , he had already  served  nine years in the marines .   
And security consultants report brisk business. Mr. Potter has been asked to  serve  as an expert witness in about 300 court cases over the past 15 years -- half of them in the past four years.   
Representatives of the equity holders, who met with Mr. Kinnear yesterday, said they are still looking for a significant minority role for shareholders on the Texaco board. But Dennis O'Dea, counsel for the equity committee, said that neither he nor Mr. Norris is interested in  serving  on the Texaco board.   
The executive, who speaks in a soft Arkansas drawl, admits he finds greater pleasure in shepherding a multimillion-dollar diversified communications business and telephone concern than in speechifying. Mr. Ford  served  in the state senate from 1967 to 1982.   
About a year before , the two of them had read about the work of Dr. Fred A. Urquhart of the University of Toronto . Aunt Jessica had written in for information and had joined a group of amateurs who  served  as research assistants .   
His annual pay will remain the same at about $80,000. Navy Secretary John Lehman said that Adm. Poindexter will  serve  on the long-range planning staff of the chief of naval operations.   
After the communal arrangement had been set aside , everyone willingly helped one another . Women cared for the ill ,  served  as midwives , and gathered clams and mussels .   
He wrote two books explaining the background of the crisis and revealing Mau Mau methods in detail . He  served  on a committee to consider ways of rehabilitating hard-core Mau Mau once they were caught .   
"Quite the contrary, sir," replied Sir Thomas briskly. "I had the honor to  serve  as a midshipman under Admiral Lord Howe some years ago in the Royal Navy.   
Hyatt Hotels is an affiliate of Hyatt Corp., of which Mr. Pritzker is chairman. Mr. Foley, who currently  serves  as Braniff's vice chairman, also will become its chief executive officer, the company said.   
Denham and Potter . In a few years they'd both be dependable , hard-working men with families , or maybe  serving  somewhere overseas in H. M. Forces .   
I am also currently president of an investment club . In school , I  served  as treasurer of the Audubon Club and the Student Council .   
He is, however, 33 and slim, with touseled red hair, a pronounced nose, and deep set, serious blue eyes. Mstislav Rostropovich, music director of the National Symphony in Washington, where Mr. Wolff  served  as associate conductor, calls him "one of the greatest talents of his generation in the United States."   
Maybe now is the time for Mr. Reagan to elevate a younger generation of leaders to give his policies a coherence, intellectual strength and momentum that would carry well beyond his presidency. Many of these people are already  serving  ably and with distinction in his administration.   
Mr. Gray also reimbursed the regional banks $100 for a golfing excursion at the elegant Greenbrier Hotel in White Sulphur Springs, W. Va. Mr. Gray has been chairman of the Bank Board since 1983, and has often complained about the high cost of  serving  in government, especially since his wife and two daughters live in California.   
Announcement of the appearance on the field of Washington's super-kingsize player , Frank Howard : " HERE COMES THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT . " WJZ , Baltimore Caption on New York Daily News photos showing girls  serving  as batboys : " THESE GIRLS ARE DIAMOND'S BEST FRIENDS . "   
Gen. Rogers also will vacate his job as commander in chief of the U.S. European Command at the same time. Gen. Rogers has held the two positions for the past eight years, a longer period than any of his predecessors have  served .   
By mid-1944 , there were more than 8,000 SPARS in the Coast Guard . They  served  as storekeepers , receptionists , mail clerks , telephone and teletype operators , chauffeurs , radio operators and technicians .   
At that point, Texaco's chief trial counsel, Richard Miller, secured the assistance of a law firm here -- Helm, Pletcher & Hogan. One of the firm's senior partners, George Pletcher, also was  serving  on the judge's campaign committee.   
Texas Air Corp. moved its top labor relations trouble-shooter from its Eastern Airlines unit back to its Continental Airlines unit, which he left last fall. John Adams, who had been  serving  as vice president, human resources, at Eastern, returned to Continental in the new position of senior vice president, human resources.   
Mr. Yarbro also said that Jacques Schlenger, the law firm's former managing partner who had been accused by the state of giving erroneous advice to Maryland Savings-Share, is still with Venable Baetjer. Former U.S. Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti now  serves  as managing partner, Mr. Yarbro said.   
Some of our committees have been appointed and as time goes on others will be appointed. Braxton Tatum has agreed to  serve  again as chairman of the Public Relations and Information Committee. Those serving with him are Ann Adkins , Fred Kelly , Don Sims , Arnold Culbersulberson , Marsha Phillips , and Vera McClain . Doris Beavers has agreed to serve as chairman of the Matty Fold Powell Fund Committee. Those serving with her are Ellis Campbell and Exie Hill . Charles Wood has agreed to serve as chairman of the Legislative Committee. Those serving with him are Bertha Merrell and Vera McClain .   
He saw the creation of the AFSC as an opportunity to unite all the branches of American Friends in a common service project . It was Rufus Jones who chaired the early meetings and who subsequently  served  as either chairman or honorary chairman of the board from 1917 to 1948 .   
Mr. Lindner, who also is chairman and chief shareholder of American Financial Corp., an investment company in Cincinnati, succeeds Alfred Martinelli, formerly president and chief executive of Penn Central. Mr. Martinelli has been elected vice chairman of Penn Central and will  serve  as a consultant to the company.   
Although his father was very reluctant to do so , he apprenticed him to a carpenter in Ribe , as Jacob insisted that was the work he wanted to do . After  serving  his apprenticeship there , he went to Copenhagen for four years to complete his training .   
This proposal is no arbitrary one . Its author , who was director of the counterbudget project , is Robert Benson , who  served  in the controller's department in the Pentagon .   
Norimasa Furuta, a senior managing director who joined Mazda in 1985 after 29 years with Japan's Ministry of International Trade and Industry, has been named to succeed him. Mr. Yamamoto will  serve  as chairman, which in Mazda and most Japanese companies is the less-powerful position.   
Intelligence sources, however, said Mr. Clarridge was sent to South Africa by the late CIA director William Casey and that State Department Latin America policy makers were aware of his mission. Mr. Fiers  served  with former National Security Council aide Lt. Col. Oliver North on the administration's Restricted Interagency Group, which supervised U.S. policy toward Nicaragua while CIA field officers in Costa Rica and Honduras were assisting a supposedly private Contra aid network directed by Col. North.   
He says a likely scenario is that Mr. Singleton will "break it up into little pieces and give each to a bright young manager." Mr. Hanisee expects Mr. Roberts -- who was Mr. Singleton's roommate when they were at the U.S. Naval Academy and still is his most trusted associate -- to  serve  only until he turns 70.   
President Cleveland ultimately withdrew the order, but he opposed extending pension benefits to soldiers, moving the Grand Army of the Republic to an apoplectic tone. No aspect of the president's life was spared criticism by the Grand Army, including the fact that Cleveland had not  served  in the Civil War but had paid for a "substitute."   
Vice Chairman J. L. Robertson , is sixty-three , a member since 1952 , and one of the noneconomists . He was trained as a lawyer ,  served  for a while as an F. B. I. agent .   
As a member of the provincial congress , he not only helped to ratify the Declaration of Independence , but also provided the guiding hand which drafted the constitution of the state . He  served  until 1779 as chief justice of New York , interpreting the constitution which he had drafted .   
After World War II , when there was the greatest shortage of Soviet men , only 17 percent of the Supreme Soviet were women . Only 5 percent  served  as People's Commissars , and in the highest councils there were no women at all .   
Mr. Bloom, president and chief executive officer of Jaymar-Ruby Inc., succeeds Thomas D. Gleason. Mr. Gleason will continue to  serve  as chairman and chief executive officer.   
Mr. Schnabel is  serving  as the U.S. ambassador to Finland. G. Tilton Gardner, Morgan Olmstead chairman and chief executive officer, said Mr. Schnabel, formerly deputy chairman of the concern, was on leave of absence while he serves as ambassador to Finland.   
The Federal Aviation Administration said its top medical officer, who has been accused of certifying pilots who weren't medically fit to fly, was reassigned at his request. Frank Austin, 62 years old, who has  served  as federal air surgeon since October 1984, asked FAA Administrator Donald Engen to transfer him to allow the agency to put aside "the contentious medical certification issues which my activities have so unfortunately precipitated."   
Mr. Ferris was vacationing in Mammoth, Calif., yesterday and wasn't available for comment. As previously reported, Mr. Ferris, along with Mr. Amerman and former Mattel executive Thomas J. Kalinske, had  served  on a three-person executive committee that ran the company for a brief time after Arthur S. Spear announced in October 1986 that he would retire as chairman and chief executive officer.   
The church voted " almost unanimously ( 20 Members present , all but 2 Voted ) that they could not contentedly communicate with him at ye Lord's Table . " 25 On the other hand , Deacon Foster's colleague , Ephraim Spooner , staunchly supported the rebels , proving himself a clever negotiator , more than once obtaining large loans from wealthy Tory gentlemen when the town was without funds to equip and pay its ragged soldiers . The local pastor , Chandler Robins ,  served  for a time as a chaplain in the Continental Army .   
The amount of time the man worked at the plant, though not fully operational, still counted because some equipment was running, Mr. Gordon said. Mr. Hall, who  served  as a management representative, says the board called a few other witnesses, including the man selected for the job who defended his qualifications.   
Soon almost a general fight was in progress. I tried to place a guard out around our camp, but all were drunk and refused to  serve .   
That's Colonel Washington . He  served  in the war with the French remember ? " those who knew answered with pride .   
In those days militia offices were no sinecures. All able-bodied men were liable to  serve , and they were not infrequently called upon for active duty.   
Once the immediate excitement of the revival was over, however, these meetings found they were unable to maintain the religious fervor they had experienced without the help of a pastor. Many began to hire visiting evangelists to stay on, or to pay a local farmer or teacher with a gift for the ministry to  serve  as pastor part-time.   
The Marquis of Thuringia, the Count of Guelders, the Bishops of Beauvais and Verona arrived with their followers. At the end of September Conrad of Montferrat left Tyre to join the army, though he would not  serve  under King Guy.   
Major corporations "have invested a lot in their reputations," he told reporters recently, so "they can't afford to defraud customers" or make obviously false claims. "My judgment is that consumers are intelligent" enough to disregard such advertising, Mr. Oliver says, adding that five appointed commissioners shouldn't  serve  as "arbiters of national taste and tact."   
While he says "reforms are moving ahead," he adds that it is doubtful he'll be able to continue to  serve  on the directorate when a reconstituted UNO legislative assembly elects the new seven-man board sometime this month or next. Mr. Robelo claims he can't possibly serve with the FDN's Mr. Calero, who is expected to be elected to the new directorate, because of their recurrent personality clashes.   
He had three children and an energetic young wife who ran a taut home . He had  served  the city five years as patrolman , two as detective , and was now assigned to the City Attorney's Office as special investigator to Mrs. van Loon .   
As Ed S. Miller , general president of the 460,000-member Hotel and Restaurant Employees Union , put it : " The Republican party and big business want to take from labor all the gains that it's made during the past seventy-five years . " The use of an independent tripartite board had proved satisfactory to labor during World War II and Korea , as George Meany , who  served  on the World War II board , never hesitates to point out .   
A scion of one of the wealthiest families in the country, the 49-year-old Mr. Rockefeller has traveled the world extensively and lived for three years in Japan. He first moved to West Virginia as an anti-poverty worker, then decided to stay and start a political career, eventually  serving  two terms as governor.   
In many cases, purchasers of charitable gift annuities pay 25% to 30% more than they would pay an insurance company or brokerage firm for an annuity providing the same level of income. But, says Conrad Teitell, a White Plains, N.Y., tax lawyer who  serves  as the unpaid counsel to the committee, "an insurance company doesn't educate youngsters, heal the sick or save a soul."   
The German-born Mr. Wallich, a former economics professor at Yale University, underwent surgery to remove a brain tumor a few months ago. Despite some speech impairment, he sought to remain active in Fed affairs, and colleagues voiced hope that he would be able to  serve  his full term.   
Prosecutors alleged that Home State had losses of $147 million from its E.S.M. investments. Mr. Warner, who had  served  as U.S. ambassador to Switzerland in the Carter administration, faces a maximum prison sentence of 13 1/2 years plus fines and a possible demand for restitution to the state of Ohio for its own expenses in making depositors whole.   
While this quotation from Tom Stoppard's 1967 play "Travesties" is a bit misleading (What would you call the conflicts raging in Afghanistan or Cambodia: "Communism with the gloves on?"), his real thesis is that there "are lessons for today's business executive in military strategy." Mr. Ramsey, now business correspondent for NBC News, first became interested in drawing those lessons while  serving  as Far East correspondent for The Economist.   
They memorized false stories of their lives . Experts in forgery supplied them with false birth certificates , Social Security cards , drivers' licenses , and cards showing they had been deferred from  serving  in the American armed forces .   
Holders also approved a motion recommending that Fermenta's current board seek legal counsel to determine whether the company should sue its former directors. The motion was offered by Kjell Braendstroem, who  served  as Fermenta's chairman for the first three months of this year and is managing director of AB Industrivaerden, Fermenta's largest single holder.   
While he could resign before completing his term and the president then in office would appoint his successor, the successor still would be required to leave the court at the end of the 18-year term to which the initial justice had been appointed. This would ensure that all justices would be limited to 18 years of influence, direct (by  serving ) or indirect (by influencing the selection of his successor).   
Bradford had been injured a few weeks before his election and was still weak and in pain. He asked for an aide to  serve  with him, and Isaac Allerton, another church member, was elected as Assistant Governor.   
He irritated them by paying no attention . He was known as " The General " because he had  served  in the army rather than hire a substitute as was the custom among the young bucks of the landed gentry .   
South African President Botha traveled to black townships and called on community leaders to negotiate with the white-led government to end racial unrest. Botha visited Sebokeng, Sharpeville and Lekoa, where the township's mayor urged Botha to allow blacks to  serve  in Parliament.   
And nobody ever seems to ask these vets a couple of questions that would put some credibility into their tears: What was their MOS -- Military Occupational Specialty? More important, what platoon of what company of what battalion of what division did they  serve  in, and when?   
Libbie Moody Thompson , seventy-three , was the youngest of the four children of W. L. Moody Jr. and has been married to her husband , Clark , for fifty-two years . He  served  in Congress for twenty-two years , and they divide their time between lavishly furnished homes in Washington and Galveston .   
His successor -- the youngest Catholic archbishop in the U.S. -- is savvy at delivering the same message loudly to the crowds and the media. It is a skill Archbishop Mahony honed while  serving  in the 1970s as chairman of the state Agricultural Labor Relations Board during the vote over union representation of farm workers.   
And he has denounced "its messianic idea of ownership of the world that is characteristic of the American social fabric." Mr. Yakovlev's views on the U.S. come across as more hard-line than those of other Soviet experts on America, such as Georgi Arbatov, director of the U.S.A. and Canada Institute, and Anatoly Dobrynin, the party secretary for foreign affairs who  served  as Moscow's ambassador to Washington for more than two decades.   
Separately, Chairman Fowler, who has been rumored to be planning to leave the agency soon, was equivocal about his intentions. "As things stand, I intend to  serve ," he said at the news conference called to discuss the AT&T price cut.   
A successor hasn't been named. Mr. Empie, a former banker who has  served  as the state's top regulator for seven years, was accused by Gov. Henry Bellmon of "incompetence, malfeasance and neglect of duty," stemming from a series of stock sales involving the shares of United Oklahoma Bankshares Inc., a banking company Mr. Empie once ran and whose flagship bank has since failed.   
We ought to be building companies, not destroying them." Mr. Inman  serves  as chairman of a high-technology holding company that is majority-owned by Mason Best Co., one of whose founders, Elvis Mason, is a Texaco director.   
A spokesman said Mr. Severinson, who was formerly president of Minstar's Energy Services Group, "will be more concerned with the day-to-day operations." Mr. Severinson had previously  served  as chairman of AMF Inc., which Minstar acquired in 1985.   
Although much of his success was built on deregulatory initiatives the FCC had made in the 1970s, because of Mr. Fowler the commission today has "never been the focus of so much attention and controversy," says UPI reporter Norman Sandler, co-author of a book on telecommunications policy. Mr. Fowler rejected the idea that because the number of broadcast channels is finite, broadcasters must  serve  as "trustees" of the airwaves in exchange for their licenses.   
Nowhere was this better explained than in Craig Roberts's seminal 1978 article in Irving Kristol's magazine, The Public Interest. Mr. Roberts, of course, also  served  as an aide to Congressman Jack Kemp, as an editorial writer for this newspaper and as assistant secretary of the treasury when the first Reagan tax cut was passed.   
"I hope," Mr. Hodel concluded, "that the U.S. isn't so naive and foolish that we fall for that kind of doublespeak." While  serving  as energy secretary, Mr. Hodel opposed Canadian electricity imports into the Northeastern U.S., but the sales eventually were approved.   
Her statement flies in the face of conclusions reached after a two-year study by a panel of experts convened by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Science. The panel, on which I  served , included representatives from both hospital sectors.   
However, a few colleges are considering the addition of dog breeding and management to their animal husbandry curricula. Since there is no formal training in this field, the boy or girl interested in dog breeding will have to  serve  an apprenticeship.   
That case was part of a larger matter involving insider trading based on takeover plans allegedly leaked by employees of a New York law firm. A 1967 graduate of Yale and a 1971 graduate of New York University's law school, Mr. Iason held an appeals-court clerkship following law school, and then  served  as a prosecutor with the Watergate Special Prosecution Force for about 18 months.   
" This is just a personal investment of his. " Fuqua too says he is concentrating most of his attention on Fuqua Industries, although he does  serve  as a Gable Industries director.   
A replacement will be made but this cannot be done before the time of the meeting of the Electoral College. "Of the twenty-nine Democrats who had been elected to  serve  in Pennsylvania, only twenty-one would be with us.   
Congressional investigators believe that Lt. Col. Oliver North used a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent as his link to a network of free-lance intelligence operatives who worked outside of normal government channels. Investigators said they have uncovered information indicating that a New York-ased FBI agent, whom they declined to identify, " served  as a liaison" for a number of private, loosely organized citizen groups that provided Col. North with intelligence data they gathered while supporting Nicaraguan insurgents and a variety of anti-communist causes in other countries.   
I applaud Mr. Sterba's article. As a retired Marine who  served  as a platoon commander in Vietnam, I was not impressed by the film. I recently viewed it with two other retired Marine officers who also served as infantrymen in Vietnam.   
The White House is strongly considering two men from Texas -- one an economist, the other an investment counselor -- for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board, according to Reagan administration officials. The economist is George W. Douglas, 48 years old, a proponent of easing government regulations who once  served  on the Federal Trade Commission and now heads a consulting firm in Austin.   
But Henry Nicholas, a political adviser to Mayor Goode, says the strategy could backfire because "people know (Mr. Rizzo) doesn't care anything about Move." While  serving  as mayor, Mr. Rizzo also presided over a police confrontation with Move.   
Would you impose mandatory wage and price controls to deal with inflation ? During the Korean war , I  served  as federal price administrator in Maine , so I know at firsthand the difficulties of trying to impose controls when there are not basic shortages in the economy .   
Edward H. Sondker, 41-year-old president of La Jolla Bancorp, was named to the additional post of chief executive officer. Mr. Sondker also  served  as chief operating officer, a position that will remain unfilled.   
But the form of government has not changed. The chief administrative officers are three selectmen citizens who are elected to  serve  in this capacity in addition to their regular, income-earning jobs.   
The rest of my relatives thought there was something wrong with me in the head . All my uncles  served  honorably in World War II .   
The Duke of Burgundy took command of the numerous French Crusaders who remained in Outremer. Conrad of Montferrat sulked in Tyre, because he would not  serve  in an army commanded by King Richard the friend of King Guy.   
" The councils cooperate when they have all the facts , " he says laconically . Blum was born in 1911 in Sarajevo , where his father , a Hungarian Jew ,  served  as a minor official of the then Austro-Hungarian State Railways .   
Nicaraguan rebel leaders are preparing to revamp again the main Contra political arm, amid squabbling over whether their military leaders will accept meaningful civilian control. Alfonso Robelo, a moderate, says he won't  serve  in a new directorate if Adolfo Calero, a conservative rebel army leader, gets a seat.   
Thankfully, David Aaron's "State Scarlet" (Putnam, 351 pages, $18.95) is an exception to the rule. Even though Mr. Aaron's resume is loaded with impressive posts -- he's  served  on the National Security Council, been a deputy assistant to President Gerald Ford for National Security Affairs, and helped negotiate SALT -- he knows how to tell a story.   
When president's rule isn't in effect, the governor is only a representative of the central government and has no powers to rule. Siddhartha Shankar Ray, a 66-year-old Congress (I) Party leader and former chief minister of West Bengal state, has been Punjab's governor since April 1986 and will continue to  serve  under the new arrangement.   
Ms. Ride holds a doctorate in physics from Stanford. Ms. Ride, who once said that "being an astronaut was never a lifelong dream,"  served  as a member of the Rogers Commission that investigated the January 1986 Challenger disaster.   
Mr. Hakim gave details of the huge profits from the Iran and Contra arms operations that were banked for himself, Gen. Secord and Thomas Clines, a former agent of the Central Intelligence Agency. Mr. Clines, who  served  as an arms dealer in Europe for the Contra arms sales, pocketed $990,000, according to testimony and records provided by Mr. Hakim.   
He has been a director of Duro-Test since 1983. Mr. McGruther, 71, will  serve  as co-chairman along with J.M. Ross, 77.   
In midsummer of ' 61, special orders arrived at Camp Arlington from the War Department. Under the new reorganization plan, Regular Army officers were unauthorized to  serve  under Volunteer brass.   
By winning the Democratic nomination, Mr. Barnes is nearly assured of victory in the general election in Gary, a Democratic stronghold. Mr. Barnes's campaign centered on Gary's declining economy and whether Mr. Hatcher, who was first elected in 1967, had  served  too long.   
" Then what are you doing in the paratroops? " " Because I like to  serve  with people who like to jump."   
He'll wait until after his successor is sworn in here the evening of Jan. 8. In the meantime, Mr. McKernan, who  served  two terms in the Maine Legislature before going to Congress, is reacquainting himself with the state Capitol, with its two stuffed moose in the basement, and is thinking about how he's going to fulfill campaign promises to bring jobs to far away towns like Jackman and Calais, on the Canadian border, and to control growth in southern coastal Maine, which is in danger of becoming swallowed by developers.   
Wallace looked so strong that I thought he'd surely pick up enough votes to throw it into the House . And when the word got out that I was considering  serving  , men from all over , Republicans and Democrats alike , sought me out and said , " Matt , you've got to accept .   
We cannot go on ignoring so much of the world in which we live . Edwin O. Reischauer , since September 1966 a University Professor at Harvard University ,  served  with distinction as United States Ambassador to Japan from 1961 to 1966 .   
George Fox , the Methodist Chaplain , was the eldest of the four . He had  served  in the first World War . Although he had not completed high school when he enlisted and served in the Army that first time , he was determined , when he came out , to finish his education and become a minister of God .   
In World War II he was appointed a Commander in the United States Navy Medical Corps , and , because of his special knowledge of China , was assigned to liaison duties with the Office of Strategic Services in Chunking and Shanghai . After the war he  served  in an advisory capacity to innumerable missions and committees of the United Nations .   
She was really excited about that. He'd even asked her to  serve  as an advisor on the board of his historical society.   
Charlie was called " Bird . " Some of his friends say that Parker got his nickname when he  served  a stint in the army , where recruits were called yardbirds .   
Vince Lombardi believed in the usefulness of computer analysis and managed to have Ryan traded to Washington to work on his play analysis system . Lombardi also  served  as a vice-president of Ryan Computer Services .   
Please rest assured that we are not counting you out by no means and that your past contributions to the Organization will not go unappreciated . Good people like you members who have  served  well must never be shuffled into the discards as long as we can prevent it .   
But according to Loews's most recent proxy statement, Mr. Tisch's contract was amended as of Feb. 16 to reduce his salary to an annual rate of $200,000 for "so long as he is devoting a principal amount of his time to CBS." Furthermore, the proxy statement says, CBS reimbursed Loews for $262,540 in salary and benefits for the services of Mr. Tisch between Sept. 11, 1986, and Jan. 14, during which time he  served  as acting chief executive of CBS.   
" Whether the blithe country boy off a farm outside Concord , or the fisherman's son from Gloucester , Massachusetts , returned from Guinea men or brutes is open to conjecture , but certain it is that their restricted New England outlook would have been sharply widened by their experiences on the Gambia or amidst the flying human heads of Old Calabar . The authors of Black Cargoes believe that the conditions of seamen  serving  on the New England slavers were better than those of seamen on European ships .   
The panels already have agreed to grant limited immunity to a number of Gen. Secord's associates -- including his business partner, Albert Hakim. Mr. Hakim handled the financial arrangements for the private network that first assisted the Contras and later  served  as a middleman in the secret U.S. arms sales to Iran.   
Regarding the recent biography of J. Edgar Hoover (Bookshelf, March 5; letter, March 24), there has been a steady drumbeat of criticism of Mr. Hoover since his death. Your readers may be interested in the fact that in the fateful 1953 period when the Eisenhower administration was under attack by the right-wing of the Republican Party, I  served  as chief consultant to Robert L. Johnson, who had been asked by the president and Secretary of State Dulles to reorganize the International Information Adminstration, then in the State Department, and, with the help of Congress, transform it into an independent agency, now known as U.S. Information Agency.   
Mr. Barker said Magna is considering an initial public offering by the new unit. Magna, which reported sales of $1.03 billion (Canadian) for fiscal 1986, said its chairman, Frank Stronach, also will  serve  as Cosma's chairman.   
The company was acquired in 1952 by Remington Rand and combined with earlier acquired Eckert-Mauchly Corp. to form the nucleus of what today is the Univac Div . of Sperry Rand Corp. In 1953 , a conflict between the former E-M group and the former ERA group led to the departure of some ERA people , headed by William Norris , a co-founder with Tompkins of ERA , to found Control Data Corp. of which Norris is still president . Dr. Tompkins in 1953 joined the UCLA mathematics department ,  serving  as director of numerical analysis research and director of the computing facility .   
Spouses of industry employees would no longer be able to  serve  as public arbitrators. The proposal would affect about 20% of the 3,000 to 4,000 people who serve as arbitrators, mostly lawyers, accountants and industry professionals, according to SEC officials.   
A U.S. cardiologist was arrested by authorities in Pakistan and charged with killing 13 people. The Pakistani-born doctor, who returned to Lahore in 1981 after  serving  as a fellow at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas, has admitted to nine of the murders, authorities said.   
In picking chairmen, Senate and House Democratic leaders chose moderates who can't be easily dismissed as biased by the Reagan administration. Severely wounded in World War II while  serving  in all-Nisei, Japanese-American batallion, Mr. Inouye fits the mold of an ethnic patriot.   
A college dropout and self-described airplane fanatic, the 44-year-old Mr. Dubinsky is credited with orchestrating a series of secret union meetings -- dubbed "Operation Stealthco" -- that led to a formal proposal to acquire the nation's second-largest airline. Mr. Dubinsky is "the primary moving force" behind the proposal, says Boston lawyer F. Lee Bailey, who suggested a pilot buyout of United two years ago while  serving  as a counsel to the union.   
They hate war all wars, not just the one in Vietnam. They are the 500 or so conscientious objectors who  serve  in the Army's medical branch as technicians, orderlies, operating-room assistants, stretcher bearers and medics with line infantry or armored companies.   
Not even with the FBI . That means you've never  served  in the military ... "   
The reasons for any individual's assignment are military need, personal qualifications and chance. My year (1966-67) in Vietnam was spent  serving  with the 2/7 (Gary Owen), 1st Air Cavalry as a platoon leader and then brigade staff officer (MOS 1542, Infantry Officer).   
Siciliano, a former Assistant Secretary of Labor as well as Under Secretary of Commerce, had represented management in working out the last West Coast dock settlement in 1966. Day became the spokesman of the business group, largely because he is the only business member who has been able to  serve  full time on the board.   
Administration officials have said that they are strongly considering Leif Olsen, the former chief economist of New York-based Citibank, for that vacancy. Mr. Kelley, 54 years old, is chairman and chief executive of Investment Advisers Inc., and has  served  on the boards of several banks.   
A GSA official said Mr. Williams wasn't suspected of wrongdoing, but that the agency was concerned about the appearance of a conflict of interest. In the telephone-switching dispute, AT&T said Mr. Williams  served  as contracting officer for a short time when the GSA allegedly discriminated against it.   
The fascinating thing about Our Unseen Guest is the guest himself . He is an entity who calls himself " Stephen , " purportedly an American  serving  in the Allied army who was killed sometime in 1916 .   
Ultimately, the debt is paid with funds generated by the acquired company's operations or sale of its assets. The 43-year-old Mr. Sherman, a lawyer, joined Church's two years ago after  serving  as an executive vice president at a U.S. unit of Canada's Imasco Ltd., a tobacco and retailing concern.   
His term would end June 30, 1989. Because he was appointed to the Bank Board while the Senate wasn't in session, Mr. Henkel currently is  serving  without confirmation.   
By appointing David Karnes, the Republican governor narrowed the Democratic majority in the Senate to 54-46. Mr. Karnes, 38, is senior vice president and general counsel of Scoular Co., a grain and lumber concern, and is  serving  his fourth term as chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank in Topeka, Kan.   
Political control, too, is changing hands. Gov. Alexander, a Republican who has  served  the maximum two terms, is stepping down this month.   
Mr. Naples, 41, succeeds George Bartol III, 65, who retired as chairman. Hunt said Mr. Naples will continue to  serve  as chief executive, and Mr. Fritsch, 55, will continue as chief operating officer.   
Baker, 61, a former Senate GOP leader, is expected to push the president toward compromise and consensus on many domestic and foreign policy issues. Iran provided an arms merchant with nearly $87 million while he  served  as the key middleman for U.S. arms sales to Iran, according to the Tower Commission report.   
Comparing that record with those of the great 20th-century justices, we find again that Holmes and Cardozo were better qualified. Holmes had  served  with distinction on the Supreme Court of Massachusetts; Cardozo had served with equal distinction on the New York Court of Appeals. Five of the other six had had no previous judicial experience; Black had served briefly as a police court judge in Birmingham, Ala.   
As for the overall measure, only Rep. Stan Parris (R., Va.) opposed it. All but eight members of the full Banking Committee  serve  on the subcommittee.   
He begged the governors to think over these words . In October , 1783 , Congress discharged those who had  served  in the war , retaining only a small force until a peacetime militia was organized .   
Hoodlums , fired by patriotism and whisky , smashed the windows of German-owned shops and often beat up the proprietors . No matter that German-Americans rallied to the colors , bought Liberty Bonds ,  served  in the armed forces , and remained steadfastly loyal to the United States .   
Like Hart , John Lacy was a handsome man , being " of a rare shape of body and good complexion " . During the Civil War he  served  in the army as a lieutenant and quarter-master under Colonel Charles Gerard , later Earl of Macclesfield .   
The announcements were made after the close of trading. Nippon Life also would be entitled to two seats on the Shearson board, and a representative will  serve  as an "adviser" to the American Express board, the companies said.   
In 1948, when it came time for the Republican electors of Michigan to convene in Lansing, only thirteen of the nineteen bothered to show. According to custom, officials scurried through the capitol looking for anyone who would  serve , and they came upon a Mr. J. J. Levy of Royal Oak, who was duly sworn.   
Grace had sold the Home Quarters business for about $10 million to a management group including Bernard Kossar, then-chairman and chief executive officer, and Frank Doczi, president and chief operating officer. Hechinger said Mr. Doczi will continue as president and Mr. Kossar will  serve  as a consultant to Home Quarters, which is based in Virginia Beach, Va.   
Under Mr. Dee, SmithKline became a leader in the prescription drug market. During the decade he  served  as chief executive, sales grew to $2.6 billion from $402 million, aided greatly by the anti-ulcer drug Tagamet.   
It was only a small ship in the 34th Mine-Sweeper Flotilla , based in Den Helder , a key port on the Dutch coast . But I became acquainted with death while  serving  with this very active flotilla .   
The person chosen to fill this position was Betty Jean Landreth Layton , daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene B. Landreth of Talladega . In addition to the duties connected with the areas above , Betty acts as Public Relations Person for the Program for Exceptional Children and Youth , and  serves  on various committees for the State Department of Education .   
Mr. McFarland, the 56-year-old former vice president, operations, of Placer U.S., succeeds Alan G. Horton, 62, who plans to retire May 1. Mr. Horton will  serve  in a consultant's role as vice chairman of Placer U.S. until his retirement becomes effective, the company said.   
If this is the case , it follows that what was being honored at Gettysburg was devotion to the nation . If this is the case , it follows that what was honored at Gettysburg was not the ultimate purpose of the war so much as the devotion of those who  served  .   
Without pausing to examine it, he said to Wong, "Is there any way that I could see the Hoppo when your grandfather calls upon him?" Even the inscrutable Wong showed surprise at the question, then laughed, "If you could become Chinese, sah, you might  serve  as one of my grandfather's retinue accompanying him to the audience."   
The shaman's or medicine man's main job in most tribes is to diagnose and cure disease . He is often , however , a Jack-of-all-trades , at one time or another  serving  as soothsayer , hypnotist , teacher , weather prophet , chief , scientist , lawyer , and priest .   
The future will almost certainly see an expanding role for the professional director . Usually a retired executive , the professional director  serves  on the boards of a half dozen or more companies .   
But once the volunteers were accepted for what they were , the timid call for their help became a roar heard round the world . In less than four years the Peace Corps has picked from 100,000 applicants 10,000 volunteers now in training or who are  serving  overseas in 46 countries .   
The man who trained the first Marines to land on Guadalcanal was a member of the Class of 1912 , Daniel E. Barbey , who as an admiral later commanded amphibious forces in the Southwest Pacific . To the men  serving  under him he was " Uncle Dan , the Amphibious Man . "   
He hasn't been a member of the board's executive committee, though he will become one now. Mr. Hugel has been associated with Mr. Johnson longer than most other RJR directors, however, having  served  on Nabisco Brands Inc.'s board from 1978 until the company was acquired by RJR in 1985.   
I'm forty-nine. I believe a chief executive should not  serve  too long.   
The sultans and their ministers had built many mosques in Istanbul since the time of the conquest , but Suleyman the Magnificent , with the wealth of the empire at his disposal , was the greatest builder of all , and his Royal Architect , Sinan , was a man of genius . Sinan had begun his career as a soldier in the sultan's army and  served  as military engineer and bridgebuilder .   
His parents were sympathetic to his problem . Charles , who was  serving  an apprenticeship with a Hartford engraver , was glad to have his roommate back .   
But before I can resume my natural form and take possession of the belongings of my forefathers , you must go out into the world and take service as a maidservant . " The young princess consented at once , and for a whole year she  served  as a maid .   
Also, members must pay themselves 25 cents an hour for their labor on assembly lines, and a ten-percent commission on sales. In order to be eligible to  serve  on the board of directors, each company member must buy one share of stock.   
NORTH'S CREDIBILITY comes under question. The former NSC aide falsely claimed that he  served  two tours in Vietnam and that he was a pre-med student before entering the Naval Academy.   
During my last year in high school I passed the rigid tests required for admission to the Naval Academy . Thereafter I  served  my compulsory term with the National Labor Service , regulating mountain streams and building roads .   
I returned to my boat to check the progress of work , which I expected to be finished in four days . As I boarded U-953 , the Chief , who had  served  under Marbach , called me into the bow torpedo room .   
He will remain a director and chairman of the board's finance committee. Mr. Durham, who joined the company in 1967, has  served  as president and chief operating officer since Jan. 1, 1985.   
Andros is often depicted as a ruthless agent of royal power, and he did do his best to execute his orders. At the same time, however, he established a system for the defense of the colonies against the French and the Indians, building forts and raising troops to  serve  on the border.   
Mr. Khashoggi refuses to discuss his business dealings with The Wall Street Journal. Neither Canadian could be reached for comment, and the swami -- who  serves  as Mr. Khashoggi's "spiritual adviser," according to one of the Saudi's former associates -- was said to be "somewhere in Europe."   
They are: -- Harold T. Bowling, 52 years old, who also will  serve  as general manager of the unit's Ontario, Calif., division.   
But the White House is disappointed that others are still held. During the summer, the Contras begin receiving more arms via a private air transport system reportedly set up with the help of a company run by retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Richard Secord, a veteran of covert actions who had worked with Lt. Col. North and  served  as Mr. Weinberger's Mideast policy aide.   
What , perhaps , would happen inadvertently in the beginning became routine . Terry Reid of Fond Du Lac , Wisconsin , spent much of 1968  serving  with the 11th Brigade of the Americal Division near Chu Lai , the division headquarters a few miles north of Quang Ngai City .   
Mr. Casey, now hospitalized with pneumonia after surgery earlier this year for the removal of a malignant brain tumor, isn't likely to testify, but other CIA officers are expected to appear. Gen. Secord's business partner, Albert Hakim, an Iranian-American with past ties to the CIA,  served  as one of the network's principal financial managers.   
The package reflects ambivalence in the Reagan administration over the competitiveness issue. Michael Porter of the Harvard Business School, who  served  on the president's competitiveness commission, says that "instinctively and intuitively, the administration believes: a) there is no problem; and b) if there is a problem, it's essentially a short-term problem based on macroeconomic factors like the value of the dollar and high interest rates; and c) even if there is a problem, there is no role for government" in solving it.   
Fry had worked with Peter Jefferson and knew the wilderness. Washington was pleased to  serve  under him.   
"A lot of quantity, that's for sure. But after Rasmussen, Rhoden and Righetti, you'll have to see me later about the quality," says Lopat, who scouts the National League for the team as well as  serving  as one of eight coaches the Yanks have assembled to supervise their pitchers here.   
Some valuable characters are about to be lost to the House of Representatives of their own choice. I feared once that this would be the case with Mr. Smith, of your state; but I believe his present intention is rather to continue to  serve .   
The first officers of the Guild were: Eleanor Harrison, Vangie Larson, Ethel Weinholdt and Louise Seaver. They were elected for one year, where now they  serve  for a two-year term.   
Mr. Stolz, the new chief of CIA covert operations, joined the CIA in 1950 after he was graduated from Amherst College, which also is Mr. Webster's alma mater. He  served  under cover as a State Department political officer in a number of European capitals, including Moscow; Rome; Frankfurt, West Germany; and Sofia, Bulgaria. He also served as chief of the CIA's European operations division and as the agency's chief liaison with Britain's intelligence services before he retired.   
The committee also includes Matthew P. Deane, 56, vice chairman in charge of operations. Stephen Kovacs, 62, will  serve  as chairman of the board in a nonexecutive capacity.   
G. Barry McMennamin was named publisher, effective Jan. 1. He succeeds Crocker Snow Jr., who will continue to  serve  as president and editor-in-chief of the privately held monthly.   
Prior to that, he was executive vice president of the Equipment Group of Compugraphic Corp. in Wilmington, Mass. Mr. Stern, 64,  served  as chairman since Gtech was founded seven years ago.   
Congratulations ! Mr. Brewer is now  serving  as president of the Middle Tennessee Interscholastic Association and the Tennessee Interscholastic Association .   
Blair had chosen John Muckler , Ranger coordinator of player personnel , as his successor on the bench . Muckler had been groomed in the Minnesota organization for a year ,  serving  as general manager and coach of Memphis in the Central League .   
" Ole Miss , " the university officials were told , had let the state down badly : its law professors were helping the young lawyers with their cases . Faced with a threatened cut in its budget , Ole Miss hastily dropped the OEO hot potato and even forced out two professors who  served  part-time in OEO .   
Industry insiders say that suppliers such as Panasonic Co., a unit of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. of Japan, lost millions of dollars in the reorganization. Today, Panasonic is suing Mr. Zinn's father, Julius, who  serves  as a director and adviser to Entertainment Marketing, alleging that Custom Hi-Fi hasn't complied with its court-approved reorganization plan.   
Whatever the economic and procedural problems that besiege Iran's people and government, theirs is a true republic. Within that framework, Jews and Christians  serve  in elected positions.   
The network of former military officers involved in the Iran-Contra affair has played a role in clandestine operations going far beyond shipping arms to anti-Sandinista guerrillas in Nicaragua. Operating as contractors to the U.S. government, the officers have  served  in recent years as middlemen, facilitating arms transfers and providing aircraft for separate secret activities sanctioned by the Defense Department and Central Intelligence Agency.   
At that time, some directors resigned from the board, the spokesman said. He said the company hopes that this change will make it easier to recruit business executives to  serve  on the Lear board, but he declined to comment on whether the change would allow the company to more easily obtain liability coverage for its directors.   
Mr. Kelley's appointment would fill the seat vacated by Emmett Rice, a Carter administration appointee who announced in October that he would resign from the Fed on Dec. 31 to return to the private sector. Mr. Kelley would  serve  until Jan. 31, 1990, when Mr. Rice's term was to end.   
On one mission he was selected to coordinate the operations of the entire Eighth Air Force Fighter Command , which meant that from the air he was controlling almost 800 battle-dispersed planes . Two of the most famous fighter pilots who  served  under Blakeslee's command were Captains Don S. Gentile ( thirty victories ) and John T. Godfrey ( thirty-six victories ) .   
The identity of the individual who decided on the name Cornucopia for the Submarine Depot Ship in which the supply officer  served  is hidden deep in the recesses of the Navy Department, but the name is startlingly appropriate, for she is a fount of plenty. Men who do not serve in her think her the ugliest ship that has been designed since Noah went into the business, and they may be right.   
There isn't any representative of the Stephens's interest on Worthen's board, though Worthen's president and chief executive officer, Curt Bradbury Jr., was a longtime Stephens Inc. official. Both Mochtar and James Riady have  served  as Worthen directors, and James held Worthen management jobs until he resigned in October 1986.   
Mr. Abbott succeeds James H. Titcomb, who is retiring from the board. Mr. Reny succeeds Leon A. Gorman, who is resigning after  serving  the normal 12-year director's term, the company said.   
" On an article in The Wall Street Journal discussing whether dyes in colored toilet paper cause river pollution: " The Tissue Issue. " On a Senior Scholastic item about the first female ever to  serve  as a U.S. Senate page: " Girl Turns Page in Senate History.   
He passed up locker rooms and the pole-vault area, among others, to fund the first-aid room in the school's new field house. "I  served  in the medical corps during World War II," explains the retired investment adviser.   
Most of his life he had lived by hunting . Milo Dodge had been a Texas Ranger with Walker , and had  served  as a boy in the army during the War with Mexico .   
In the first quarter ended July 31, Geac had a net loss of $2.9 million on revenue of $15.9 million. An official of Peat Marwick Ltd., which agreed to  serve  as the creditors' trustee under the restructuring plan, said the plan is similar to a Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law filing in the U.S., under which a company seeks time from its creditors to reorganize its business.   
Thousands of young blacks in Biafra poured into his Fourth Commando Division in 1968. They wanted to  serve  under the red and green flag because they thought that Steiner had juju, or luck.   
Such a move would hardly be unprecedented; 12 commissioners have been so elevated in the commission's 53-year history. The 63-year-old Mr. Shad  served  beyond the end of his five-year term last June so that he could oversee the blitz against insider trading and shepherd several projects, including the computerization of the SEC's corporate-disclosure filing system.   
As an economist he won acclaim from many of his contemporaries for introducing the 1948 currency reform that paved the way to the Wirtschaftswunder, the German economic miracle. Later, from 1963 to 1966 he  served  as chancellor.   
This is in strong contrast with the small, politicized NSC staff. The distinction between professional experts and politically responsible officials is impossible to observe while  serving  on the NSC staff.   
Currently justices are appointed by the governor, vetted by the Commission on Judicial Appointments and put on the ballot for public approval or disapproval at the next general election. They  serve  12-year terms, after which they go before the voters again.   
Somehow, we must develop a schedule of reinforcement that sustains the now short-lived sensitivity business-ethics courses demonstrably achieve. Perhaps one way is to bring together, for periodic analysis of business decisions faced and taken, those who make the decisions, in meetings facilitated by outsiders well qualified to point out or elicit the ethical dimensions of a situation -- much as is done by the ethicists who  serve  on hospital committees of medical ethics.   
Clive Barker is the highly touted Stephen King of the future (Stephen King is doing the touting) and he lives up to his billing. "The Damnation Game" (ACE/Putnam, 379 pages, $18.95) is a mortifying thriller about a gambler who is taken from prison to  serve  as bodyguard to an eccentric industrialist.   
With the exception of the late Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., it would be hard to think of another Afro-American leader of that time who could have commanded abroad as much attention and respect as Malcolm did. Malcolm could, therefore,  serve  as a roving ambassador for the Afro-American community in its quest for international support and understanding of the racial problem in America.   
There had been famous lute-makers in Cremona as far back as the thirteenth century ; later on there were also viol-makers , among them Marco del Busseto , who ranks as one of the recognized masters . One can therefore assume that Andrea  served  as an apprentice with Busseto , although it is true that the wide sound-holes and the sloping edges of his instruments are reminiscent of the Brescia school .   
Somewhat unnerved, LePeters almost failed to notice the thin particle of a man who sat at a desk beside him, his flake of a body almost totally lost in the cushions of a specially made chair. This was the intricately contraptioned Teener, who was to  serve  as LePeters's assistant, a once great detective whose body had literally been trimmed down by gunfire in a major shoot-out.   
Investors might also worry about who's minding the store at Loews. While Mr. Tisch devotes much of his time to looking after the company's $750 million investment in CBS, his brother, Preston Robert Tisch, has been  serving  as postmaster general since last August.   
If he believes, as he has said, that the Duarte government is promoting economic growth and strengthening the democratic system, he was either misinformed by his subordinates about the true situation in El Salvador, or he was consciously promoting an economic system diametrically opposite to that which he promotes for the United States." One Salvadoran, who  served  as a paratrooper in the U.S. Army, says: "From now on, it's no longer the United States -- no more Miami.   
Mr. Henze  served  on the NSC staff from 1977 to 1980.   
Both men lacked battle experience and that was the chief reason for my transfer . Although the Captain had  served  as a prospective commander on a U-boat patrol in the Atlantic , only one-third of the ship's company had tasted combat ; the rest had to be trained for their first mission .   
Mellon directors selected the 55-year-old Mr. Cahouet (pronounced COW-et) apparently because of his success in turning around another troubled banking concern, San Francisco's Crocker National Corp., between 1984 and 1986. He  served  as president and chief executive officer at Crocker until it was acquired by Wells Fargo & Co. in May 1986.   
Mr. Hu, long thought to be the chosen successor to carry on the far-reaching economic and political reforms begun by Mr. Deng, was forced to resign from his party post Friday. Zhao Ziyang, maintaining his post as premier, was named to  serve  concurrently as party general secretary.   
To ease the stalemate, the panel proposes increasing House terms to four years from two years and Senate terms to eight years from six, with elections to be held only in presidential campaign years. Panel members suggest permitting members of Congress to  serve  in the cabinet, easing the Senate majority needed for treaty approval from two-thirds to 51%, and giving Congress authority to limit campaign expenditures.   
He first moved to Charleston in 1934 , worked for the Associated Press in Raleigh , North Carolina , and New York City , and moved back to Charleston in 1947 . During World War II he  served  in the Navy .   
New York Mercantile Exchange members elected William M. Bradt, an independent floor trader, to be chairman of the 115-year-old futures exchange. Mr. Bradt, who defeated Stanley R. Meierfeld, the exchange's vice chairman, will  serve  a two-year term starting immediately.   
In contrast, John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson did not have active military officers on their NSC staffs for most of their presidencies. Kennedy had the Bay of Pigs, and afterwards immediately asked Maxwell Taylor to  serve  as a special adviser (although not on the NSC staff); Johnson had Vietnam, a war without a strategy -- indeed, without clear military goals -- orchestrated largely by civilian counsel, both in the White House and in the office of the Secretary of Defense.   
As a teenager, Mr. Roberts worked in a Lear Siegler Inc. guidance systems plant in Grand Rapids, Mich., where he was a member of the UAW. Later, he was elected shop steward, and by the time he was promoted to labor relations manager he was negotiating with a UAW regional representative by the name of Owen Bieber. Mr. Bieber now  serves  as UAW president.   
A stronger currency reduces cash flow. Paul H. Aron, an American who  serves  as vice chairman of Daiwa America, says that all makes a good textbook theory, but nothing else.   
The first question was , says Jackson , " What are we talking about ? " To head up the Office of New Communities Development , early in 1970 , Romney brought in Nicoson , who had previously  served  as a consultant to HUD .   
Even the moral trauma of a would-be conscientious objector, forced to make his first kill, is on-target. Terence Knox as the sergeant and a crew of newcomers as his platoon create a solid ensemble cast of soldiers  serving  out their 12-month stay in hell.   
We don't like to interrupt funerals." All the pilots at this base are civilians  serving  their annual tour of army duty.   
"At this particular time," the Wisconsin Democrat said, "I think we need someone who will be perceived as having absolutely no conflicts of interest in the administration of the SEC, and someone who is very tough on crime." One candidate said to have such credentials is Judge Duffy, who  served  as the SEC's New York regional administrator from 1969 until 1972.   
Yearly, quarterly, and monthly meetings have many projects of their own. Quakers  serve  on the subcommittees of these organizations and scores like them, on the boards of schools and colleges, on meeting committees in abundance.   
At 12:30 P.M. , the commodore hailed his captains with orders to attack , and the vessels moved smartly into their positions . An officer aboard the flagship who had  served  under other commodores watched the proceedings with awe .   
In August of 1946 a mutual fund known as Managed Funds , Inc. , was founded in St. Louis , Missouri , by two cousins , Hilton Slayton and Hovey Slayton . Hilton was the dominant figure in the company ,  serving  as president and making pretty well all the decisions . Nine men served on the Board of Directors , including " nonaffiliated " directors who were named by Hilton Slayton and a close friend of his .   
On the latest vote, Mr. Henkel said he didn't believe an actual conflict of interest existed, but was abstaining "to avoid even the slightest appearance of impropriety." Mr. Henkel and Lawrence White are  serving  on the board while awaiting Senate confirmation.   
The true order of succession was to be restored; the Queen had not existed. What happened to the surviving favorites of Hashepsowe one can only guess, but a few apparently survived to  serve  under Tuthmosis.   
But Sen. Paul Trible (R., Va.) said investigators have found evidence that the general withdrew more than $80,000 of the money to pay for a small plane, a Porsche sports car, and a visit to a weight-reduction camp with former Central Intelligence Agency officer Thomas Clines. Mr. Clines  served  as an arms dealer in Europe and received an estimated $990,003 under a secret account established on his behalf by Mr. Hakim.   
Howard Baker of Tennessee or John Tower of Texas, to replace Mr. Casey. Mr. Gates has  served  as Mr. Casey's deputy since last April 18.   
And so, above all others, did the grand dean of American academic thought, freedom, and progress, Dr. John Dewey. Even in his old, old age, out of his profound feeling for justice, Dewey agreed to  serve  as chairman of the commission that was established to investigate the charges against Leon Trotsky.   
The Guidance Staff consists of thirteen full-time counselors , including the Director . One of the staff  serves  as a Vocational Counselor .   
George R. Catlett , fifty-three , Arthur Andersen's representative on the Accounting Principles Board , vigorously upheld his firm's unpopular position during deliberations on the problems of accounting for mergers and other business combinations . Donald Erickson , fifty-six , head of the Chicago office , also  serves  as chairman of Arthur Andersen's board of directors .   
Other nations quickly adopted this practice of " conscripting " or drafting men. That is, instead of being asked to fight for pay or for patriotism, men were made to  serve .   
Upon assuming command of the Department of Arizona , General Nelson A. Miles was directed by the War Department to use most vigorous operations for the destruction or capture of the hostile Apaches . The following extracts are from instructions issued April 20th , 1886 , for the information and guidance of troops  serving  in the southern portion of Arizona and New Mexico .   
The overall success of the one-to-one relationship in reaching city slum children has stimulated a number of suburban communities to adopt volunteer programs of their own . Freeport , L. I. , and Lexington , Mass. , have recently adopted the idea ; in Orange County , Calif. , hundreds of volunteers are  serving  in classrooms , preparing curriculum materials , working in playgrounds .   
Born of an old Danish family , she carried forward its tradition of making contributions to Danish literature while establishing a distinguished niche for herself in English as well as Danish letters . Her father gained distinction as a writer after he had  served  as an army officer and come to America , where he lived for several years as a trapper with the Pawnee Indians in Minnesota .   
Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole said, "He sought to make a positive difference in people's lives, and he has succeeded." Mr. Engen  served  on the National Transportation Safety Board for two years before going to the FAA.   
Greenspan and Johnson "march to quite different drummers" on many economic issues. Another Johnson friend recalls that when the vice chairman  served  at the Treasury he "was very, very critical" of positions Mr. Greenspan -- then an outside Reagan adviser -- took in favor of tax increases and Social Security overhaul.   
Henry Cornelius Agrippa von Nettesheim was born at Cologne on the fourteenth of September , 1486 . He was educated at the University of Cologne , and as a young man  served  as a soldier in the army of Maximilian I of Germany .   
Ozaki and then Sorge were hanged on November 7 , 1944 . ( Gordon W. Prange is Professor of History at the University of Maryland . During World War II he  served  as a lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy , and in 1945 was assigned to the U.S. Military Government in Tokyo .   
Walt Disney Co. named Robert J. Fitzpatrick, cultural-affairs director for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, to  serve  as president of Disney's planned EuroDisneyland near Paris.   
They come from every walk of life rich, poor, business and professional people, farmers and tradesmen. They  serve  without pay or compensation of any kind. More than 100,000 local citizens are serving on the boards of Community Action Agencies .   
That the time of enlistment of Ewing's brigade of six hundred men all expire the first of Jan. next and that the officers and men and Gen. Ewing himself have declared that they will  serve  no longer.   
He added that the "announcement is yet another signal to Congress and the American people that President Reagan is determined to stay on top of this controversy until it has been fully resolved." Mr. Abshire has  served  in the NATO post since 1983 and was considered for the job as the president's national security adviser when Lt. Col. John Poindexter resigned last month.   
Former associates of Marine Lt. Col. Oliver North painted a colorful and detailed picture of how the fired White House aide provided clandestine military advice, money and munitions to the Nicaraguan Contras. Conservative activist Robert Owen testified before congressional investigative committees that he  served  as a frequent "courier" between Col. North and the top leaders of the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, the main Contra group.   
Long and Laxalt orchestrate their lobbying efforts here. Sen. Long has said he will  serve  on the board of governors for the New York Stock Exchange.   
Nugan and Hand have such well-placed friends? Distinguished military officers  served  as consultants and associates.   
George Brinton McClellan handsome , dashing , brilliant and successful had been the youngest cadet ever accepted at West Point and the most youthful to graduate . After  serving  some years in the army , he resigned , married a beautiful New York socialite and became president of a railroad in Ohio .   
Adolfo Calero, who resigned under pressure from moderates from the old directorate in February, is likely to be included in the new leadership panel. Alfonso Robelo, the respected moderate who once pressed for reforms with Mr. Cruz, has repeatedly said he won't  serve  with Mr. Calero, but there is speculation he might change his mind.   
Last month Kaiser agreed in principle to create the holding company in exchange for a $140 million cash infusion from Mr. Clore. If Kaiser shareholders approve the restructuring plan, the Geneva, Switzerland, financier will  serve  as chairman of the holding company and name a majority of its directors for five years. Kaiser's chairman and chief executive officer, Cornell Maier, would retain his current positions and serve as the parent's vice chairman.   
Sol M. Linowitz , former U.S. ambassador to the Organization of American States , gives a clear warning : " A greater threat to the United States than Russian presence is that Latin American countries will become disenchanted with us for not showing interest . We must find ways to encourage the Latins to look north , not east . " ( Carl T. Rowan has  served  as director of the U.S. Information Service and as ambassador to Finland .   
With engineering degrees from Arizona State University, his previous experience included starting an Oregon company that devised information systems for banks and  serving  as director of management information systems at Pullman Inc. One of the four founders, Mark Fox, who is serving as interim president and chief executive until a successor for Mr. Geisel is found, contends that any frictions between the founders and Mr. Geisel were minor.   
Rep. Doug Barnard (D., Ga.) voted for the higher level in the subcommittee, initially yesterday didn't vote on reducing the limit and in a later vote yesterday opposed raising the limit from $5 billion. All but seven members of the full committee  serve  on the subcommittee that considered the bill Tuesday.   
He was appointed a candidate member of the ruling Politburo in April 1985, but never achieved the full voting status won by Marshal Ustinov, a civilian who became one of the most powerful men in the Kremlin during his eight years as defense minister. Gen. Yazov most recently  served  several months as a deputy defense minister for personnel.   
Those who knew him shrugged and said , " Oh , Cump's all right , but he always was an odd horse . " Since Sherman was a West Pointer and had  served  in the regular army , he was given command of a regiment from Ohio .   
He joined Time magazine in 1951 . In the 1968 election campaign he  served  as chief of research and writing for Richard Nixon and subsequently spent two years in Washington as a special assistant to the President .   
Southerners grudgingly accepted a slowdown in military spending, while Northerners agreed to scale back their plans for welfare and mass-transit programs. Rep. Leath helped to forge the budget compromise and then  served  as emissary to his Southern colleagues on its behalf.   
Mr. Hull, who has U.S. and Costa Rican citizenship and a long, but unclearly defined relationship with the U.S. government, now is emerging from the shadows of the Contra war. Last week Robert Owen, who  served  as a courier for Lt. Col. Oliver North, the fired National Security Council staffer, told congressional investigating committees that Mr. Hull is "a man who has done a tremendous amount for his country" by helping the Contras maintain a southern front against Nicaragua.   
We have roads, tractors, telephones, even medical clinics. " Unlike most of Israel's Arabs, the sons of Druzes  serve  in the Israeli army."   
Accordingly, the hill which rose above and beyond the American camp (now known as Gallows Hill) was selected for the execution and a gallows was erected. Barber related that the hangman absconded and several boys about twelve years of age were ordered by Putnam to  serve  in his place.   
Joe Horsely was elected president; Katherine Bonner, first vice-president; Charles Johnson, second vice-president; Margaret Scott, secretary; and Burlie Dutton, treasurer; with Hudson Davis and Ethel Guthrey as board members. John Holstun is chaplain and John Trott will  serve  as marshal.   
This is particularly true in promotions . To give an example , the police commissioner or other top law enforcement officer is almost invariably a political appointee  serving  at the discretion of the mayor .   
Mr. Atwood's broad experience, mainly in the non-automotive side of the company, provides him with a perspective on GM's growing operations that few of its other executives possess. Prior to his last post, Mr. Atwood  served  as the top executive in the company's world-wide truck and bus group.   
Other terms of the agreement weren't disclosed. While each company will be equally represented in managing the partnership, James A. Glime of K mart's specialty retailing division will  serve  as chief executive.   
"Paul Volcker has become a major asset to this administration," Mr. Gramley said. But he added that Mr. Volcker, who has  served  as Fed chairman since August 1979, might agree to stay on for only another year or so.   
Western Health Plans Inc. said Douglas C. Werner resigned as president and chief executive officer after  serving  in the posts for eight months.   
They had been sent to Vietnam as replacements for soldiers who had fallen in battle or who had completed their tours of duty. They would  serve  exactly one year, and then they, too, would be rotated home.   
I sent my brother Porico ( White Horse ) with Mr. George Wratton on to Fort Bowie to see General Miles , and to tell him that we wished to return to Arizona ; but before these messengers returned I met two Indian scouts Kayitah , a Chokonen Apache , and Marteen , a Nedni Apache . They were  serving  as scouts for Captain Lawton's troops .   
At least twenty-eight men, experienced in foreign affairs, are presented to the Council by the governments of the Six as prospective candidates for seats on the Commission. The fourteen members finally selected  serve  a term of four years.   
It was of little help to their relationship that the son sometimes showed more foresight than the father . While  serving  as a vice president of a family bank , W. L. III once loaned $6,000 to the owner of a movie theatre , who wanted the money to buy an organ .   
She sewed curtains for all the front windows, replacing the one dingy pair Arthur had hung in the consulting room. For Innes she made a black jacket, resplendent with brass buttons, so he could  serve  as the doctor's page when not in school.   
Wishing for a son had become only my public facade .  Serving  as father to little girls was now my stock in trade , and I loved every minute of it well , almost every minute .   
Within ten years , the Trust Territory's budget has quadrupled to almost $60 million . Almost 300 Peace Corps volunteers are  serving  in the islands , 75 percent of them teaching Micronesian teachers to teach English as a second language .   
"The closer we get to the end, the more likely we are to promote from within." Mr. Tuttle also says that he can draw from a pool of high-level business executives and university administrators who want the experience of  serving  in government but don't want careers in Washington.   
The charge of impropriety in having active duty military officers take the Fifth Amendment illustrates another facet of the problem. No one has denied that when Adm. Poindexter and Col. North sought Fifth Amendment protection, they were acting within their rights; it just seems wrong to have men  serving  in the active military forces of the nation do so.   
During that summer George took several trips with Byrne . Occasionally he  served  as rodman for other Fredericksburg surveyors .   
Mr. Strauss is also chairman of the government-controlled Bayernwerk AG, which controls a controversial new atomic plant in Wackersdorf. Mr. Strauss has been a driving force behind Europe's heavily subsidized consortium of aerospace concerns, Airbus Industrie, which he  serves  as chairman.   
Redon was deeply patriotic , and is the only artist who comes to mind who actually enjoyed going to war . Drafted into the French army during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 , he found its rigors exhilarating and  served  with distinction until a persistent fever forced a medical discharge .   
Lady Mary Ellington , wife of the British consul , was maid of honor . The Honorable Michael Chaconis , Epirot Deputy to the Greek National Assembly ,  served  as best man .   
Also, parachutists could be used in many ways. They could  serve  as soldiers behind enemy lines, as spies across borders, or as agents to organize revolts in other countries.   
He was 70 , but he began the work at a killing pace . In the Congress alone , he  served  on ten committees .   
Attorneys familiar with the investigations, however, said Mr. Meese has told associates that he wants to avoid any potential conflict of interest, or even the appearance of such problems. Mr. Meese has acknowledged that in 1982, while  serving  as counselor to President Reagan, he asked other administration officials to look into complaints by Wedtech that it wasn't receiving fair treatment from the Army.   
The venality at the court in England was reflected in Virginia . Berkeley received pay equal to at least $20,000 today , and the burgesses , who had started out  serving  without salaries , demanded , and got , regular stipends .   
Some said he was being haughty, but he was never that; he was simply trying to get his work done. The selection of men to  serve  on his cabinet was one of the President's first important duties.   
"He needs to become a lot of people's second choices." Mr. Bennett, who has  served  in Congress for 36 years, is basing his campaign partly on seniority, the very principle that was fractured when Mr. Aspin ascended to the chairmanship in 1985.   
This procedure is grossly unfair to the voting members who deserve a clear-cut choice of fresh candidates each year. Also, it undermines the theory of widespread participation and the equal opportunity for all members to  serve  actively in an official capacity.   
A GM spokesman said that post will remain vacant. Only somewhat less daunting is the task facing Mr. Wheelon, a respected expert in space and satellite communications who has  served  on the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and on the commission that investigated the Challenger space shuttle disaster earlier this year.   
"It was discovered in a complex set of circumstances whereby a certain piece of carpeting was found not to have complied" with some fire standards, Mr. Kaufman said. He said that "leading experts in fire and flammable materials" have been consulted and are  serving  on the company task force, though he declined to identify the individuals involved.   
He heads a committee of 14 leaders from union locals, but reports to UAW President Owen Bieber, who joined Mr. Yokich at the sessions last week. Although Mr. Bieber, 57, will be eligible to  serve  until 1995, betting is already heavy that Mr. Yokich will be his eventual successor.   
The most important of the twenty Vuillaumes , and at the same time one of the best French violin-makers of the nineteenth century , was Jean Baptiste Vuillaume , who was born in Mirecourt in 1798 , and died in Paris in 1875 . After  serving  his apprenticeship , he settled in Paris at the age of twenty and joined another native of Mirecourt , a naval officer named Francois Chanot , in his experiments to develop a new violin design .   
Adding to the sensitivity of Peers' investigation was the fact that Koster's post-Americal Division job was Superintendent of West Point , one of the most prestigious assignments in the military . Westmoreland himself had  served  in the same position en route to becoming Chief of Staff .   
Mr. Fell's introduction to Dome Mines was through the board room, not the mine shaft. He began his career in 1953 as a lawyer with Dome Mines' longtime firm, Fasken & Calvin, and later  served  as a Dome director and vice chairman for his uncle, A. Bruce Matthews, a prominent Canadian businessman and then-chairman of Dome.   
Sun Co. said Glenmede Trust Co. gradually will sell as many as 2.7 million shares, or 2.5%, of Sun's common stock outstanding. Glenmede  serves  as trustee and fiduciary for a variety of trusts and estates and owns about 30.2 million shares, or 28%, of Sun.   
Meanwhile, the Office of Management and Budget, which formerly played a big role in formulating domestic policy, has adopted a substantially reduced role under Mr. Miller. "There doesn't seem to be any particularly original thinking going on at OMB, outside of strictly budget issues," says Lawrence Kudlow, who  served  as the agency's chief economist for two years under Mr. Miller's predecessor, David Stockman.   
This bears only the slightest resemblance to current events in Chicago. Immediately after this article appeared, the Central Committee of the Democratic Party of Cook County elected George Dunne, Mr. Vrdolyak's predecessor as chairman, to  serve  again as chairman. The vote for Mr. Dunne was unanimous, the first time that has occurred in the 11 years I have served on the committee.   
They captured all the Soviet officers on the staff of the other side, thus ending the war games. By the middle 1930's thousands of Soviet boys and girls were grown-up and ready to  serve  in the forces.   
Chinese Premier Zhao Ziyang will continue  serving  concurrently as acting Communist Party secretary-general until a scheduled party congress in October, Vice Premier Yao Yilin said.   
It had started because the colonel and Drew knew each other long before either of them were connected with astronautics . They had  served  together briefly in southeast Asia and Drew had done Morrison some sort of favor .   
But in Catholic philanthrophy, Mr. Grace and his company have few peers. Able to get by on four to five hours of sleep a night, Mr. Grace devotes about 40% of his spare time to  serving  as a director, benefactor or adviser to more than 50 Catholic charities and educational institutions, ranging from St. Vincent's Hospital in New York to the University of Notre Dame.   
His campaign against Mr. Hatcher for the Democrats' endorsement -- the winning of which is tantamount to victory in the mayoral race -- poses the toughest test for the Gary mayor since he was first elected 20 years ago. Mr. Barnes's campaign has centered on Gary's declining economy and whether Mr. Hatcher has  served  for too long.   
Mr and Mrs Donald Ellesworth , from Barbados . Donald , a dentist ,  served  in the R. A. F. during the war and now practises in East Finchley .   
This is the Committee for Purchase of Products and Services of the Blind and other Severely Handicapped . Mr. Hasbrook has been active in Indiana politics and has  served  in both houses of the state legislature .   
This doctor also must be willing to coordinate care among the specialists who treat his patients. Doctors of internal medicine also can  serve  as good primary-care physicians, especially if they have had the training that qualifies them as a true generalist.   
"We're not locked out from the Democratic Party as openly gay people," says Tom Chorlton, past executive director of the National Association of Gay and Lesbian Democratic Clubs, "and we're going to be making AIDS an issue." Gov. Dukakis already has felt the fury of homosexuals who, angered over his refusal to permit gays to  serve  as foster parents, criticized him during his reelection campaign and picketed him during the speech on Boston Common that opened his campaign last month.   
He'd be replaced as foreign minister by current Ambassador to the U.S. Anatoly F. Dobrynin . Gromyko has  served  as foreign minister for 14 years and was himself ambassador to the U.S. before that .   
While volumes have been written on the fundamental soundness, or lack thereof, of the administration's provision of arms to Iran and the diversion of funds to the contras, one issue has been ignored: the nature and propriety of the role of the active military officers on the National Security Council. It can be argued that involving officers in this process was a mistake, but a mistake inherent in having active military personnel  serving  on the NSC staff.   
The Yale Corporation , whose chairman is the president of the university , has always featured a fair number of eminent personages . The members include ten Successor Fellows , a self-perpetuating group that  serves  indefinitely ; six Alumni Fellows elected by the alumni to six-year terms ; and two ex-officio members , the governor and lieutenant governor of Connecticut .   
Deputy Attorney General Arnold Burns has the final authority over all such investigations, including whether Mr. Meese's actions warrant a formal criminal inquiry. Mr. Meese, as previously reported, has acknowledged investing about $60,000 with a partnership set up by W. Franklyn Chinn, a San Francisco investment manager who also  served  as a director and a consultant for Wedtech.   
He reached Eltham , the home of Jacky's aunt , as Jacky Custis died . The young man , only twenty-eight , had been  serving  as an aide on the general's staff when he was taken ill .   
In El Salvador, a group of congressional aides learned during a February visit that some U.S. food aid was used to prod local peasants into siding with the government. In some villages, the food, which is distributed by the Salvadoran military under the sponsorship of the U.S. military, was being given only to those peasants who agreed to  serve  in the rural civil defense.   
I take strong exception to James P. Sterba's conclusion in his Feb. 27 editorial-page article that "too many" non-line troops who  served  in Vietnam don't merit having the film "Platoon" dedicated to them.   
Another researcher called the action the "Friday afternoon massacre." Senior officials at the FDA weren't available for comment yesterday, but one FDA staff member familiar with the physicians who  served  on the advisory committee said that "it was the press that believed this drug was going to pass the committee with flying colors, but the committee simply asked for what is always required -- proof of clinical effectiveness."   
Sam reserves most of his ridicule for my former boss and those of us around him. It may be the fact that Mr. Reagan  served  longer that provides Sam with more ammunition, or perhaps we had chronic foot-in-mouth disease.   
Despite his degrees in Russian studies and international economics from Boston College and Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, he decided to forgo a promising career in East-West trade relations to become a strategic consultant for companies and state and local governments. He once worked for Arthur Andersen & Co. and Bain & Co., and has  served  on President Reagan's Commission for Industrial Competitiveness.   
The first settlers must have carried in their heads recollections of the country manors and rectories in which so many of them had been reared . Some were regimental officers who had  served  in the American colonies , and in Australia they drew on memories of a colonial architecture that had evolved in southern plantations and New England country towns .   
Initially, the unit will supply generic drugs for certain of its HMO members, the company said. Dr. Philip S. Schein, clinical professor of medicine and pharmacology at Georgetown University, will  serve  as president and chief executive officer of the new unit.   
So some oil-industry types and their political helpers -- joined by hopeful academicians who had thriving energy consultancy careers cut short by the 1981 measures -- are working up a campaign to get Uncle Sam back into the business of energy price fixing. The tip-off came early in November when George M. Keller, the Chevron Corp. CEO now  serving  as chairman of the American Petroleum Institute, proposed that the federal government help the industry set a "minimum price" for crude oil.   
The late Adlai Stevenson was a man greatly admired for his intelligence , integrity and remarkable ability to express America's ideals and aspirations . He was also a man of experience , having  served  as Governor of Illinois . Yet , having been twice defeated for President , he served no role in government , until John F. Kennedy , a member of the same party as Stevenson , appointed him ambassador to the United Nations .   
Indian officials said they based their latest court claims on documents Carbide's Indian unit submitted to the government. The documents, filed between 1975 and 1981, are requests by the unit to extend the employment of L.J. Couvaras, a Union Carbide engineer who  served  as project manager during construction of the Bhopal plant, the Indian papers state.   
Two incumbent governors from the securities industry were renominated: R. John Stanton Jr., president and chief executive, Rotan Mosle Inc., and George A. Vonder Linden, president and chief executive, Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Mr. Jones and Mr. Johnson are  serving  the unexpired terms of previous governors, and their nominations are considered a formality.   
Dee was careful at first, but soon enough Kelly had talked him into producing his wondrous crystal. After the proper prayers and incantations, Kelly offered to  serve  as skryer.   
Alabama School for the Blind had eight participants in the American Junior Blind Bowling Association Fall Tournament . Mr. Lewis Kryger  served  as their coach .   
Daniel J. Boorstin, who has  served  as Librarian of Congress for nearly a dozen years, announced he would leave the post "to become a full-time citizen of the Republic of Letters."   
Congressional investigators say that Mr. Webster and one of his top aides, Oliver "Buck" Revell, knew more about the secret arms shipments to Iran -- and learned about them months earlier -- than previously disclosed. Officials say that Mr. Revell found out about the Iranian initiative last July or early August, while  serving  on a super-secret federal anti-terrorism group with then-National Security Council aide Lt. Col. Oliver North.   
White and Henkel were appointed Nov. 7 to fill unexpired terms on the three-member Bank Board. Because Congress wasn't in session then, they have  served  without confirmation.   
At one time weight was a major problem during the early days of camp. But so many of today's athletes run summer camps and clinics, or  serve  as instructors, that it is convenient to work out.   
Congressional investigators want to determine whether Mr. Meese or his aides contacted Vice Adm. Poindexter or other NSC officials before the decision was made to resume the investigation, and what may have been discussed. On ABC-TVs's "This Week With David Brinkley" yesterday, Rep. Dante Fascell (D., Fla.), who will  serve  on the House select panel investigating the scandal, said the committee doesn't want to prolong the probe, but it won't rush "just to get it over with."   
Succeeding him as president of the pharmaceutical and health products concern will be George Ebright, SmithKline's 49-year-old chief operating officer. Mr. Ebright will  serve  as operations chief, as well as president, SmithKline said.   
" Tell me exactly what happened and what you did at Canton . " Merewether felt for a moment like a truant schoolboy summoned before the master , though this officer had  served  as his first lieutenant for six months and had been his close friend and confidant .   
Nor did I say , " Honor thy father and thy mother " ; because some parents aren't worth honoring ; I hope to be , and if I am , my children will respect me anyway . I made the commandment about all men being equal before the law the first one after I had  served  on the juvenile jury here in Fort Worth .   
The stake includes 113,000 shares purchased on Jan. 21 at prices of $7.625 to $8.25 a share, the filing said. Mr. Edelman said he has controlled the New York-based company, which leases stockyards, for about four years and  serves  as vice chairman of its board.   
He was jealous because we had included Tawab on the trip ! Abdul was used to being our only Afghan companion and always  served  as our interpreter on any trip .   
Mr. Winn, 62, has been an important fund-raiser for several Republican candidates, including President Reagan and Sen. Armstrong. A former Colorado GOP chairman and gubernatorial candidate, Mr. Winn  served  as assistant secretary for Housing and Urban Development in the beginning of the Reagan administration.   
Wherehouse directors rejected those bids. Adler & Shaykin has received financing commitments from Chemical New York Corp. and Equitable Capital Management Corp., and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets is  serving  as its financial adviser for the buy-out, which will be completed by WEI Holdings Inc., the company formed by Adler & Shaykin.   
After the takeover of People Express last month, it was been unclear what Mr. Burr would do. Mr. Burr also will  serve  as a director and chairman of the executive committee of Continental Airlines.   
You have met General Bonaparte at my house. Well then, it is he who wishes to  serve  as father to the orphans of Alexandre Beauharnais, as husband to his widow.   
Walcott was his chief dependence . He had  served  his apprenticeship at the Pay-Table of Connecticut , ending as comptroller of his native state .   
Out of all this , the Investors Management Company took in fees totaling $4,500,000 , with Fundamental Investors shouldering $3,000,000 of the cost and its brothers kicking in the rest . The key man in the over-all operation was Hugh W. Long , who  served  as president not only of the fund , but also of its three other specialized funds .   
Mr. Gates, who holds a doctorate in Soviet history from Georgetown University, was assigned to the staff of the National Security Council from 1974 until 1979. He also has  served  as the CIA's top Soviet analyst.   
Carrier or messenger pigeons are also important components of our armed forces . Many of them  served  in the Signal Corps of the Army and Air Force during World War II .   
The Orthodox would take the Central Superintendency, embracing Kansas; while the Hicksites would be responsible for the Northern Superintendency, including Nebraska. Quakers were appointed as superintendents in both regions, and Quaker agents were chosen to  serve  under them.   
There are today about 4,500,000 salespeople. Approximately ninety per cent of these sales workers  serve  as salespeople in retail stores, salespeople in wholesale trade, manufacturers' sales representatives, insurance agents and brokers, and real estate salesmen and brokers.   
After 7 minutes 5 seconds , Boucher scored for the Rangers who then went on , inspired , to win the Cup . Patrick remained with the Rangers until 1946 ,  serving  as their coach-general manager until 1939 and as their general manager after he turned coaching duties over to Boucher .   
The airlines pay high salaries to their pilots , commensurate with the professional standards they demand . Usually after a young pilot is hired and trained , he  serves  initially as a flight engineer or a first officer ( co-pilot ) .   
Last May, department officials announced the close of a lengthy criminal investigation of the matter, which began in summer 1984, without prosecuting Ms. Ferraro or her spouse. But at the time, government attorneys held open the possibility of filing a civil suit over Ms. Ferraro's failure to disclose her husband's finances on annual federal financial reports while she  served  in Congress.   
Nathaniel T. Reece, 40-year-old chief financial officer and president of the Newbery Electric Inc. unit, was elected to succeed Mr. Davies in the posts. Mr. Davies, 44, continues as chairman and will  serve  as a consultant, "working on last-minute attempts to keep the company out" of bankruptcy-law proceedings or to work with interested parties if the company does file.   
Throughout South America, for example, shamanism is, with only a few exceptions, restricted to men. It is also predominantly a male occupation among the Eskimo, while women rarely  serve  as magicians in Australia, Melanesia, and Polynesia.   
In it he says : " Give me just two or three men in a village and I will take the village . " In the Goldwater campaigns of 1952 and 1958 and in all other campaigns where I have  served  as a consultant , I have followed the advice of Mao Tse-tung .   
In 1967, there were 215 schools under the department of education. 7,892 teachers and staff members were employed by the department for a total student enrollment of 169,662 in the public schools throughout the state. On the mainland, each community, city, or county elects a group of adult citizens to  serve  on a school board.   
Terence Anderson, Judge Hastings's lawyer, said later that the case against the judge is "warmed-over circumstantial evidence" and predicted that there won't be an impeachment. Judge Hastings, the first black federal judge in Florida, continues to  serve , and is being assigned cases.   
The number of MCI executives who knew before yesterday was fewer "than the fingers you have on one hand," says one executive. During the 10 years that Mr. Wright  served  under Mr. McGowan as president and chief operating officer, they were the corporate equivalent of the Odd Couple.   
Greene had approached me and I had agreed. Shortly after I had bought the jewelry back the newspaper folded and I was among the unemployed until Greene again approached me, this time to  serve  as the go-between in a kidnapping.   
Although Mr. Gillespie ranks as one of the youngest chief executives of a Midwestern bank holding company, he was tapped as chief executive material years ago. He said he was given "very disciplined training" by  serving  in a wide variety of posts.   
This very English expression of assent was elicited from Isaac Parker , a runaway sailor hiding in New Town , Old Calabar , by his host , Dick Ebro , son of a New Town king . Isaac Parker had been  serving  as a sailor before the mast on board the Liverpool ship Latham , which was commanded by an unpopular captain , George Colley , known for starving and ill-treating his crew .   
The agency also has permitted the rapid expansion in such "shadow," or derivative, markets of options on futures, which traders use in similar fashion to standard exchange-traded options. Ms. Phillips has been a "generally positive influence on futures industry expansion" and  served  at a "pivotal time" in the growth of the industry, said William Brodsky, president of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.   
So many were slain that the Cossacks barely had room enough to bury their dead . A single nun who had left her church to join them  served  as their only nurse .   
No alert . Well , James A. Michener did want to be an elector , and because he  served  his term , it's quite possible that the not-so-venerable Electoral College will never be the same again .   
Brewer and Brewster differed in their creeds , but they were loyal partners and worked well together . The former provided the necessary capital while the latter  served  as general manager and editor-in-chief .   
The early missionaries to Lahaina , Reverend and Mrs. C. S. Stewart , were accompanied on their 1822 voyage to the Sandwich Islands by " Betsy Stockton , a colored female of education and piety , who had attached herself to Mrs. Stewart as a domestic and assistant missionary . " ( This quote is from Reverend Stewart's " A Residence in the Sandwich Islands . " ) During her two and one-half years in Hawaii , Betsy Stockton also  served  as a teacher at Lahaina .   
"I coughed a lot and turned green". Before starting the Liability Project, Mr. Daynard  served  as president of the Massachusetts Group Against Smoking Pollutions, or GASP, as the group is called.   
She suggested one or two Democrats who might be staying at one of the Harrisburg hotels, but we couldn't locate them, so finally she said, "Mr. Minehart, you'll just have to be a delegate." It was agreed that Minehart would  serve  in this emergency although he would have preferred not to.   
The appointment ends a five-month search for a successor to Richard T. DiBona, who suffered a stroke in February 1986 and resigned as president and chairman last October. Mr. Burke, 57, succeeds Frank A. Brand, 62, who  served  as acting chief executive officer.   
William E. Brown, 48 years old, a senior vice president, was named to the additional position of chief operating officer of this utility. He succeeds Leland R. Nicholson, 63, who remains president but relinquishes his operating duties to  serve  as a liaison with the community and to explore new business opportunities for the company.   
He previously was president of Lockheed-Georgia. -- E. Lloyd Graham, 59, who also will  serve  as general manager of the unit's headquarters operations.   
"There is an understanding here that the Kuomintang doesn't want the student movement to attract public attention or sympathy," says a senior journalist. The papers, China Times and United Daily News, are privately owned by executives who also  serve  as members of the party's Central Standing Committee.   
And permits looting ? I  served  under him in the French and Indian War , and But go on , boy . "   
His son had entered the army : and young Osborne followed presently in the same regiment . They had  served  in the West Indies and in Canada .   
Mr. McClaughry, a former senior policy adviser in the Reagan White House,  served  on the Central America task force.   
The 45-year-old Mr. Erra succeeds Ray Mendoza, 56, who had held the posts on an interim basis since last month. Last month Douglas C. Werner resigned as president and chief executive after  serving  eight months at the helm of this operator of health maintenance organizations.   
In particular, banks seeking to underwrite securities figure they will gain a more sympathetic ear at the Fed. Mr. Greenspan is "a real devotee of deregulation," says Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Chairman William Seidman, who worked with the pending new Fed chairman when both  served  in the Ford White House.   
Senior officials at the FDA weren't available for comment yesterday, but one FDA staff member familiar with the physicians who  served  on the advisory committee said that "it was the press that believed this drug was going to pass the committee with flying colors, but the committee simply asked for what is always required -- proof of clinical effectiveness." Some doctors familiar with the physicians who served on the advisory committee said they believed the FDA staff maneuvered committee members into making their decision.   
Admission tickets must be sold in advance, and this calls for a squad of aggressive student-sales-people. And, when the big day comes, quite a number of boys and girls must be ready to  serve  as ticket agents and ushers.   
"Well as a matter of fact, I have found somebody. And I've already asked him, and he's willing to  serve  as our sponsor and to talk for us at the Town Council meeting tomorrow."   
Jesse Jackson, who is considering another run for the presidency, has said that he expects Mr. Hatcher to play a major role in a 1988 campaign. In 1984, Mr. Hatcher  served  as Mr. Jackson's national campaign chairman.   
"The system has to be unlocked, and I'm not holding my breath until we get a president who's strong enough to do that," says Gen. Secord. The memory of Vietnam, where virtually all the military officers in the network  served , plays a part in shaping this outlook.   
Most of our people grinned from ear to ear , not that the whole thing had been a hoax , but that they were  serving  under a man who wouldn't be cowed by a ship carrying twice the firepower of his own . " If Morris and others aboard the Constitution had been a bit dubious about the privilege of serving under a peevish disciplinarian , Preble , in his turn , had been entertaining some doubts concerning his officers .   
He has been on the staff of the Johnson Publishing Company of Chicago , Illinois , as an Associate Editor , and has been the New York Editor of Jet magazine and an Associate Editor of Ebony magazine . For several years he  served  as a member of the Public Relations Committee of the Interracial Council for Business Opportunity , a voluntary organization to aid small black business enterprises .   
Most part-time legislators believe that they won't be reelected if they don't pass at least three or four bills every session. Mr. Ledbetter, who  served  five terms in the Arkansas Legislature, calls it a trade-off.   
But Mr. Rule asserted that legislation isn't necessary. Mr. Rule, who has  served  as temporary head of the Antitrust Division twice in the past two years, has a reputation as a fervent, sometimes abrasive champion of the free market.   
In the gloomy hour before sunrise on December 15, I headed westward through a blizzard to Harrisburg, to play my role as a member of the state Electoral College. The old parliamentarian who would supervise the proceedings had explained over the telephone that the other Democratic electors had been consulted, and they wanted me to  serve  as their president.   
" He had sounded cautious , but Don was always cautious about committing himself to anything ; if they liked the idea it might be an excellent niche for Roddy , and would very probably help to pull Don and Audrey out of the middle-aged sluggishness into which they were gradually settling . Don had come to England to volunteer for aircrew duty in the R. A. F. in 1941 , and later  served  as a Wireless Operator with a bomber crew .   
Since that time, PSE vice chairman Douglas J. Engmann has  served  as acting chief executive and chairman of the exchange's board of governors. Mr. Mann, who holds a doctorate in economics from Syracuse University, was vice chairman of Becker Paribas for six years prior to its acquisition by Merrill Lynch & Co., and before that served for five years as president and chief executive of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. He served in 1969-70 as assistant director of the federal Office of Management and Budget.   
George Mercer, Washington's army friend, had been appointed in charge of stamps for Virginia. He came to Williamsburg and publicly declined to  serve .   
As reported previously, Mr. Somers will become president and chief operating officer of Initials+ Inc., a San Francisco-based retailer. Ms. Bass currently  serves  as executive vice president and general merchandise manager of Federated's Bloomingdale's division in New York.   
The president cannot expect to carry out his policy if he isn't elected, and he cannot get elected without a policy that appeals to the electorate. (In my own view, the importance of an arms-control agreement to the achievement of wide-based popular support for any administration has been massively exaggerated, but it is undeniable that such a connection has existed in the minds and calculations of senior administration officials.) Those who  serve  on the NSC staff are expected to reflect an understanding of this interaction between domestic political imperatives and national-security objectives.   
Moreover, chairmen of the House and Senate Judiciary committees last month urged Mr. McKay to investigate allegations that the attorney general "invested in a company known to have ties to Wedtech." Mr. Meese has acknowledged investing about $60,000 with a partnership established by W. Franklyn Chinn, a San Francisco investment manager who also  served  as a director and a consultant for Wedtech.   
As commander in chief, he returned this generosity tenfold. He was constantly on the look for talented young men (like 20-year-old Alexander Hamilton and 19-year-old Marquis de Lafayette) to  serve  as his aides, and he became extremely fond of most of them.   
They have four children . During World War II , Dr. Mitchell  served  in the U.S. Navy , in the European , African , and Middle Eastern theatres .   
The progeny of this Puritan clung to New England until Capt . Noah Grant , having  served  throughout the Revolution , emigrated to Pennsylvania in 1790 and later to Ohio .   
Before that, he was vice president for technology of Sears World Trade, a unit of Chicago-based Sears, Roebuck & Co. Mr. Woods also  served  as assistant secretary for public affairs at the Defense Department from 1976 to 1977.   
In recent years, good salaries and living allowances have attracted many agricultural technicians to foreign service. Some enter the service as U.S. Government employees, or  serve  as guest technicians in foreign lands.   
On the eve of the Volcker announcement, Mr. Volpicella sold about $4 million to buy Japanese yen at 145 yen to the dollar, on the belief that the Fed chairman wouldn't be reappointed and the dollar would fall. His hunch was based partly on reports that Mr. Volcker's wife was opposed to his  serving  a third term at the Fed.   
Ronald Reagan might like this new U.S. Constitution: The president can  serve  an unlimited number of terms.   
It was passage of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 that set in motion a major expansion of the federal involvement in the environmental crusade . That law created the Council on Environmental Quality under the chairmanship of Russell Train , a well-known conservationist who had  served  in the Interior Department .   
The long-awaited Jubilee had come . These former slaves proved a great help to Sherman ; men  served  as guides and laborers ; women cooked and laundered .   
The majority were better represented by men like Senator Jefferson Davis of Mississippi who , while apparently committed to the idea of Southern nationalism , were not convinced that the time and circumstances were propitious in 1850 , and were willing to co-operate with the compromise element within the Democratic party to the limited extent necessary to maintain a sympathetic government in Washington . With such a point of view , Davis  served  as Secretary of War in the Cabinet of President Franklin Pierce .   
They had grazed some two miles during the two hours since noon camp ; then , coming into a region where the grass was spotty , strung them out . Blackie and Martinez were on the points ; Professor , Cory , Dandy , and Baldy  served  as outriders ; Scott and Shorty had the hard labor of pushing the drags .   
Mr. Freiman, 52, has  served  in a variety of positions during his 24 years at the pharmaceutical company, most recently as executive vice president for pharmaceuticals and agribusiness.   
I have had little time for lolling about this year. The Credit Union, where I  serve  as manager, treasurer, loan officer and security officer, has grown considerably.   
A free-lance word processor figured the two-week jury-duty stint would cost her $1,200; she, too, never got to  serve . Most people recognized their duty to serve on a jury.   
They do not stand up for any national anthem or salute any flag, for these are but earthly symbols and to honour them would verge on idolatry. They will not  serve  in any army, for there is only one just cause and that is the cause of the Lord.   
Mr. Pezim, who helped found the company, said he would press his feud against management. Mr. Pezim said the board had broken an agreement under which he was to have continued to  serve  in an "executive position" with the company.   
It hardly seems possible that it has been two years since I last submitted a statement for a directorship on the Board . I have enjoyed  serving  on the Board for the past twelve years and hope that your vote will make it possible for me to continue for another biennium .   
Indeed, his critics believe he knows it too well. For a brief three years in the early 1970s, he  served  in the bottom tier of the foreign service in Laos and Belgium.   
The senior Hamilburg continues as a director for the maker of rubber bands and other products. Maurice Hamilburg previously  served  as executive vice president.   
Unhappily , there was no trophy to show for this fourth American naval triumph of October , 1812 . Jacob Jones was a strange man , older than most of the officers who had  served  with Commodore Preble .   
Throughout the meal they talked of horses . Loomis had once  served  in a cavalry regiment and had hunted at Melton Mowbray ; the American owned a ranch in Arizona and bred quarter horses .   
-- The government exerts leverage over unions by setting the minimum wage, fixing prices on basic commodities, underwriting a Workers' Bank and housing fund, adjudicating workplace disputes, determining the legality of strikes, and winking at ubiquitous corruption. -- Even though its legitimacy has declined, the PRI's imprimatur remains essential to labor candidates eager to  serve  in the Congress and elsewhere -- in 1985, to propitiate the union movement, labor's representation was increased to 25% of the PRI's delegation within the Chamber of Deputies, and CTM stalwarts also hold the governorships of three states, Campeche, Durango and Nayarit.   
As one who  served  on President Carter's staff in his hour of travail, I remember well the generous support of The Wall Street Journal following the failed attempt in April of 1980 to rescue our hostages in Iran.   
What upsets Congress more than the diversion of funds is the administration's decision to use private citizens, including foreign agents and arms merchants, to carry out secret foreign initiatives without consulting Congress. This privatization of American foreign policy "is far more important than Watergate," charges Sen. Inouye, who  served  on the Senate Watergate committee 14 years ago.   
Applying himself assiduously to learning the spoken and written languages of China , including Mongolian , he so impressed Kublai Khan that the ruler made him his personal emissary , sending him on important missions across his vast dominions . He even  served  three years as governor of the rich city of Yangchow , a center of arms manufacture , with 24 towns under his jurisdiction .   
In addition, they say he wants to butter up Attorney General Edwin Meese, who has been campaigning against pornography and whose support Mr. Fowler needs to push through telecommunications legislation. "When the criticism (by conservatives) ends, the FCC's actions will end," predicts Bruce Fein, who once  served  as FCC general counsel under Mr. Fowler.   
Rod Canion is president, and James M. Harris is vice president, engineering. Mr. Murto said he plans to attend the University of St. Thomas in Houston to earn a master's degree in religious education, and then hopes to become a deacon -- a layman with certain responsibilities in the Catholic church -- or  serve  as an executive in non-profit groups.   
Mr. Segawa went to the front door, but the man derided him as a lowly "stock peddler" and told him to enter through the kitchen. To Mr. Tokuyama, who also  served  as the dean of the Nomura School of Advanced Management, Mr. Segawa's experience offers a clue to Nomura's drive.   
And why was his voice , barely audible in person , screaming loudest in the wilderness , often drowning out the more conservative voices of the N. A. A. C. P. , the Urban League and other highly respected Negro organizations ? I asked Malcolm X , who  served  as my guide through the intricacies of Islam , some of these same questions late one night as we drove along the noisy streets of Harlem .   
Mr. Murrill in November stepped down as chief executive, taking a pay cut of $100,000. He will continue to  serve  on the board and as a special adviser to Mr. Draper, 44.   
Two delegates , called burgesses , were elected from each of eleven large plantations ; their duty was to establish a college and schools . The burgesses  served  under a council and the governor , appointed in London .   
He helped to organize the colony's first militia , and played a leading role in the creation of its paper currency . For 16 years he  served  as postmaster of Philadelphia , a job that he took to protect his newspaper . ( It was the habit of postmasters to permit the mailing only of newspapers they owned . )   
Messrs. Norris and O'Dea have since denied that they are looking to  serve  on the board.   
Then, eying me closely, he told me that the Black Panthers would like for me to join their party. " You could  serve  as a minister of information."   
Short , stocky Isaac Hull , in the Argus , was steady and capable , a man to be counted on solidly , as was red-headed , little Charles Stewart who had the Syren . And there were others , lieutenants and midshipmen  serving  under these men , who had the makings of fine officers Wadsworth , Lawrence , Macdonough , and Morris , for instance .   
Since there are nine members of the court, one seat would become vacant every two years, assuring each president the right to appoint, with Senate approval, two justices (four if the president were reelected). Whenever a justice, for whatever reason, failed to complete his term, the president would name a successor, but that successor would  serve  only the unexpired portion of the term for which his predecessor had been appointed.   
For instance, G. William Domhoff, a sociologist at the University of California at Santa Cruz, who also writes about leadership, disputes Mr. Baltzell's contention that upper-class leadership is declining. Mr. Domhoff points to the 1988 presidential candidacy of Pierre S. duPont IV and the fact that members of several prominent families still  serve  in the Senate.   
I doubt he is going to arouse any antagonism." The departure of Mr. Shad, who has  served  as SEC chairman for a record six years, isn't expected to trigger any staff shakeup or an exodus of personnel.   
A former MGM/UA Entertainment Co. production executive claims that his company -- one of Hollywood's weakest major studios before it was dissolved in the last year -- suffered because it was shut off from CAA's best projects in 1984 after a dinner at which one of its top officers offended Mr. Ovitz by "trying to tell him how to run his agency." On the other hand, several sources say Mr. Ovitz chose at about the same time to support Tri-Star Pictures Inc. as a new studio -- and customer -- by arranging for Mr. Pollack, the director, to  serve  as its "creative consultant."   
"Controls obviously went awry," Mr. Tully said. Merrill Lynch added that former Secretary of State William P. Rogers and former Securities and Exchange Commission member Irving M. Pollack will  serve  as advisers to senior Merrill Lynch executives in "an intensive review" of the firm's trading policies.   
"There seems to have been no major blunder in Mr. Yamamoto's mangement," he said. Sixty-year-old Mr. Furuta  served  in several senior MITI posts before retiring in 1981.   
Headed by Lewis Lehrman, the former drugstore tycoon, it has done everything from sponsoring national tours by Contra leaders to printing "fact books" warning of the Sandinistas' Communist subversion of the region. Mr. Lehrman, a recent convert to Catholicism, also  serves  with Mr. Grace on several Catholic charities, including the knights.   
In March, Asher Edelman, the takeover artist who  serves  as chairman of Datapoint Corp., expressed every confidence in his acting chief executive officer -- Doris Bencsik, who was believed to be the highest-ranking executive woman in the computer industry.   
-- Sing "America, the Beautiful" in honor of Amerigo Vespucci, "who gave his name to this continent, and saved the lives of countless early seafarers and colonists by recommending pickled vegetables be eaten to ward off the sickness known as scurvy." -- Write to the Supreme Court bemoaning the fact that a Frankfurter (Felix) and a Burger (Warren) have  served  as justices, but no Pickle.   
Mr. Gray has been eager to resolve the problems of Financial Corp. before leaving office. And though Mr. Gray will  serve  until his successor, congressional staffer M. Danny Wall, is confirmed, he isn't expected to remain in office much longer than June 30.   
John Herrington, energy secretary, and former Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis, now president of Union Pacific Corp., are considered to be leading candidates for Mr. Regan's job. Other possible candidates include former Nevada Sen. Paul Laxalt; a former White House congressional affairs director, Kenneth Duberstein; Labor Secretary William Brock, Education Secretary William Bennett, and Treasury Secretary James Baker, who  served  as chief of staff in Mr. Reagan's first term.   
"Peter sort of channels people to our organization," she says. Mr. Grace's "rescue" mission concluded a stormy 20-year relationship with Mr. John, who in 1960 had asked him to  serve  as de Rance's treasurer and as its representative on Miller Brewing's board.   
He is a trustee of Barnard College, a member of the advisory council of the National Culture Center, and the Dramatists Guild. He was selected by Governor Rockefeller to  serve  on the committee of the State Council on the Arts a pioneer attempt to send theatrical and musical events to communities throughout New York State.   
While many analysts and competitors are negative about Mr. Popejoy's strategy for putting American Savings on firm footing, those who have worked with Mr. Popejoy are more positive. "I think he has done an outstanding job with a situation that I believe is impossible to solve," says Ernest M. Fleischer, chairman of a large Kansas thrift who  served  as a Financial Corp. consultant.   
Miss Claire Culhane's description of GI attitudes toward the Vietnamese can be found in her unpublished Diary , kept while she was in Quang Ngai Province and available from her at 6876 Sherbrooke Street , West , No. 20 , Montreal 262 , Quebec , Canada . Dr. Gordon S. Livingston , Baltimore , Maryland , who formerly  served  with Colonel Patton in South Vietnam , told of the prejudice of U.S. hospital officials in the Saturday Review , September 20 , 1969 .   
Legal experts expect that whoever is chosen as independent counsel will have unprecedented leeway in shaping the criminal investigation. The leading candidate appears to be retired federal Judge Lawrence Walsh, 74-year-old former president of the American Bar Association, diplomat and Justice Department official, who  served  in the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations.   
Ironically, the Pollard scandal exploded just as U.S.-Israeli intelligence cooperation was at its best, with Mr. Casey setting the tone. Some Israeli sources in Washington fear that the tenure of the new CIA director, William Webster, may be a throwback to the times of Mr. Colby and Adm. Stansfield Turner, who  served  during the Carter administration.   
Mr. Sprinkel made the comments in an interview after announcing his plans to leave the government and return to Chicago, where he has spent most of his life. He has been with the Reagan administration since early 1981,  serving  first as undersecretary of the Treasury and then becoming chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers 2 1/2 years ago.   
Mr. Franke, chairman of Southwest Forest, said in an interview that his discussions with Roger W. Stone, chairman of Stone Container, began "in the latter part of last year." Mr. Franke said he had known Mr. Stone for many years and that they  served  as directors of a paper industry trade group.   
I don't have anything against Vietnam veterans' solidarity. Everyone who  served  time -- air-conditioned or not -- in Vietnam shares certain common feelings and experiences.   
Justice Department officials over the weekend also confirmed the Post's report that Mr. Meese is considering whether to withdraw his investment from a partnership set up by Financial Management International Inc. Franklyn Chinn, head of the San Francisco-based investment firm, has  served  as a consultant to Wedtech and his activities are under scrutiny by federal prosecutors.   
If the dam failed, the probable maximum flood on the Santa Ana River would inundate 1.3 million residents in Anaheim and other suburbs and cause as much as $40 billion in damages, mostly in Orange County, according to the corps's risk assessment. Mr. Gianelli, who  served  as California's water resources director under Gov. Ronald Reagan, remains unpersuaded.   
The 1987 president of the Kingsville Chamber of Commerce is Dr. Steve Altman, current president of Texas A&I. Dr. Altman also  served  two years as president of a Miami-area chamber of commerce while president of Florida International University.   
During more than five decades as a lawyer, the vigorous 74-year-old has earned widespread respect and admiration in other jobs as well. As a state prosecutor in New York, he pursued organized crime in the late 1930s,  served  as a federal judge from 1954 to 1957, and was deputy attorney general for the final three years of the Eisenhower administration.   
Sandra had sat down by the thinnest boy , who wore a small Christ-like beard round the rim of his jaw , and was fondling his hand . The other boy stared at his shoes , smoking in sharp puffs , and June saw with astonishment that he was the assistant who  served  at the cold meats counter at the grocer's in the main street .   
Since Mr. Maxwell's not going to retire soon, I guess he was seeking other opportunities." Mr. Cahouet is the fourth president to  serve  under Mr. Maxwell, succeeding Mark Riedy, who left in July 1986 after only 18 months.   
John L. Lesher, a senior executive with Paris-based management consultants Mars & Co., was named president and chief executive officer of Home Group Financial Services Inc., a unit of Home Group Inc., the New York-based insurance holding company said. Mr. Lesher also will  serve  as senior vice president for planning at the parent company.   
Now his hero was more fascinating than ever ; he had seen foreign places and could tell tales of ships and battles . Lawrence had  served  on the flagship and was the friend of a real admiral .   
There is no snow in... Andre Malraux, the grand old man of French literature and De Gaulle's Minister of Culture, is the veteran of many a guerrilla action: the Chinese revolution, the Spanish Civil War, and the French resistance during World War II. Now Malraux has decided to put his experience into use with an offer to  serve  as a soldier in the ranks of the Bengali separatists of Bangla Desh.   
This objective would make ADL Systems one of the top 15 software houses . President of the new company is Dr. Bernard W. Romberg , who was responsible for many of ADL'S largest systems implementation projects and most recently  served  as head of the information technology group in ADL'S management sciences division .   
He organized the Montgomery Welfare League to help poor people get on relief . He established the first USO club for Negroes in Montgomery and  served  as chairman of the local NAACP for more than two decades .   
"I'd worked all my life and I'd never stopped to smell the flowers," says Mr. Gluck, who began his career holding down jobs as a waiter and launching a small advertising specialty business while he was a student at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. In the 10 years between Monogram and Caesars World, Mr. Gluck says he did almost everything he intended to do when he retired, including learning to ski, improving his tennis game, taking extended vacations to Europe with his wife and children, and  serving  on various educational committees.   
The tribes , those that were left , showed that they still had a power to help themselves if they were encouraged to use it . In World War II , about 25,000 Indians  served  in the armed forces .   
Some say that De Gaulle feels about France the way ( historian Jules ) Michelet felt about Joan of Arc yet Michelet never considered himself to be Joan of Arc . The case is indeed without precedent , particularly since here the hero  serves  as his own historian .   
The surprising decision of Donald Regan to propose increasing corporate taxes by $150 billion, for instance, could hardly have been expected. Mr. Regan, after all, was the former chairman of Merrill Lynch & Co. and  served  as Treasury secretary under a president who once said there is no justification for taxing corporate income.   
In days gone by the changes at sea were measured by centuries . An officer who  served  under Christopher Columbus in the Santa Maria would not have experienced too much trouble if he came aboard the Constitution 300 years later .   
The American Stock Exchange nominating committee proposed eight new candidates to  serve  on the exchange's 25-member board of governors, and renominated two current board members.   
David L. Winn, a physician, was named to the board, succeeding J. Eugene Stubbs, formerly the software company's chief financial officer and senior vice president, finance and administration. Dr. Winn  served  on the company's board between 1977 and 1984 and is a son of the company's founder and brother of its president.   
In recruiting Mr. Cohen, Data Access issued him warrants to buy one million unissued common shares at 10 cents and additional warrants for 2.5 million shares at $1 each. A spokesman for Data Access said Mr. Cohen, the company's controlling shareholder, sold 1.8 million of his 2.6 million common shares to Phoenix Financial Corp., where Mr. Ackerman  served  as chairman and chief executive.   
He carried picket signs before he picked up his first set of tools as an apprentice at the Heidrich Tool & Die Co. in Oak Park, Mich. Even so, Mr. Yokich is part of the new wave of UAW leadership -- the first group that didn't  serve  under Walter P. Reuther, a UAW co-founder and president for more than three decades.   
Regency said that Joseph E. Boone, who was president and chief executive officer as well as chairman, has resigned. Mr. Boone, 50 years old, declined to comment, but the company said he agreed to  serve  as a consultant seeking buyers for Regency's consumer businesses.   
Mr. Henkel and Lawrence White, both appointed to the three-member Bank Board Nov. 7 after Congress adjourned without acting on their nominations, were renominated Friday. Because the Senate wasn't in session when the two men were appointed, they were able to  serve  without confirmation.   
I even got to play a small role once as a priest in De Sica's Bicycle Thief . In all , I  served  as an assistant on 58 films .   
Mr. Conable said he will appoint a senior officer to a new position in charge of coordinating programs for heavily indebted countries. Appointment of the official, who also will  serve  as a "financial intermediary" in packaging credits from the World Bank and commercial banks, signals a new emphasis at the World Bank on lending to help developing countries deal with overall debt problems.   
He was an early and vigorous critic of the court-packing plan , and finally with the coming of World War II , he fought the President on the repeal of the Arms Embargo and opposed U.S. efforts to rearm the Allies . Senator Wheeler  served  continually in the United States Senate from 1928 to 1947 .   
Yasser Arafat was reelected as the leader of a reunified PLO by the 340-member Palestinian National Council, which ended a six-day meeting in Algiers. Terrorist Abu Abbas, who is wanted in the 1985 hijacking of the Achille Lauro, was reelected to  serve  "provisionally" on the PLO's governing board, sources said.   
The exchange said that a committee will be appointed by the Merc board to hear charges of violations of these proposals and to monitor trading under the new rules. The Merc also proposed that group members not be allowed to  serve  on the same disciplinary or pit committee.   
Eventually , there were over six thousand documented cases of impressment , and the number may have been as great as ten thousand by 1812 . Certainly , more Americans  served  in the British Navy during the period than the United States Navy required for its total manpower .   
New exec vp Donald Stokes' background is less well-rounded , but enterprising : he developed a coin-operated shoeshine machine that became franchised nationally , and at one time was a partner of the Chicken Delight man , A. L. Tunick ... . After two years as board chairman of Data Network Corp. , lately rechristened Mega Systems , Inc. , H. L. Meckler has resigned , no reason given , no replacement yet ... . Another resigner for personal reasons is C. R. Hall , president of Applied Time Sharing , Inc. , a Bunker-Ramo affiliate in Villanova , Pa. He is succeeded by Guy E. Warner , a Bunker-Ramo man , as is new board chairman Frank C. Casillas . Both also have long GE management experience , and Casillas also  served  with RAND .   
George N. Friedlander, 79, the retired chairman of Exeter International Corp., a private Boston holding company, was appointed chairman. David Golder, also 79 and the retired executive vice president of Exeter, was appointed to the board and will  serve  as company secretary.   
"We may not satisfy all congressional critics of business, but we think that most corporations and major accounting firms will recognize the need for these changes," added Mr. Treadway, a former Securities and Exchange Commission member who has just been named general counsel of PaineWebber Inc., a securities firm. In one of the most sweeping changes, the panel urges that the SEC be given more power by Congress to impose fines, bring cease and desist proceedings, and bar or suspend violators from  serving  as corporate officers or directors.   
Attaining the second level means a $2,000 raise, while the third level is worth $3,000 a year. In addition to their regular classroom duties, teachers at the second and third levels  serve  as mentors for new teachers and help to develop instructional materials.   
Mr. Sawicz, 39 years old, will succeed Anthony J. Hanlon, 46, who the company said has resigned to "devote his time to private interests." Mr. Hanlon will continue to  serve  as a consultant to the company and its principal subsidiary, Discount Corp. of New York.   
When they reached the bank of the gray Don, warriors were waiting with a flat barge to float the sacks of food and powder down the river to the fort. Because he wanted to join his brother, Stenka went on the massive barge, taking his black horse with him, although he was still too young to  serve  in a Cossack regiment.   
He's our new brigadier. Upon my recommendation, and that of General Heintzelman, General Kearny has selected you to  serve  on his staff.   
The writer  served  in 1980-81 on the Department of Energy's senior advisory board.   
Iran provided arms merchant Manucher Ghorbanifar with nearly $87 million -- substantially more than previously indicated -- while he  served  as the main middleman for U.S. arms sales to Iran, according to the Tower Commission report.   
As the financial obligations of the Khoo family and National Bank grew, such borrowing escalated sharply, rising to $228 million at the end of last October from $129 million at the end of 1985 and just $32 million at the end of 1983. Documents obtained in the National Bank investigation also shed new light on one of the central mysteries of the affair: the close but enigmatic relationship between the Khoo family and Brunei's ruling royal family, headed by 40-year-old Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, who has  served  as both monarch and prime minister since Brunei's independence in 1984.   
A few , exempt from the draft for one reason or another , went to China where they  served  in the Friends Ambulance Unit , convoying medical supplies and later offering war relief on both sides of the Chinese Civil War . Others served in India , where the AFSC was asked to help during the famine of 1944 .   
By this time , there was a solid foundation stock of kennel-raised Canaans , many of which were trained to guide the blind , a service they perform today .  Serving  in other capacities , Canaans guard Israel's borders and factories , and protect homes and children .   
The business systems sector had a loss of $30 million last year on revenue of $272.3 million. John N. Lemasters, Contel's president and chief executive officer, will  serve  as acting executive for the business systems sector.   
A fierce proponent of the rights of the people , an adversary to all that would vest government in the hands of a few , he suffered more defeats of his individual proposals than almost any other delegate , yet in the end his larger ideas prevailed . After his work at the convention , he helped write Pennsylvania's second constitution ,  served  in Congress and on the federal Supreme Court , where he delivered several pace-setting opinions .   
At one annual meeting, he told shareholders he had forgotten his notes and then sent someone back to the office to get them. He succeeded his father as chairman and chief executive in 1984, though the senior Mr. Lewis, 66, continues to  serve  as chairman of the board's executive committee and goes to his headquarters office every day.   
One possibility is the Saarland's governor, Oskar Lafontaine, who favors a loosening of Germany's ties to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Another name mentioned frequently is Volker Hauff, a member of parliament who  served  in the cabinet of former chancellor Helmut Schmidt.   
Houghton Mifflin Co. said that Michael Janeway, who resigned last year as editor of the Boston Globe, will become executive editor of the textbook publisher's trade and reference division. Mr. Janeway, currently a fellow at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School,  served  as special assistant to Secretary of State Cyrus Vance from 1977 to 1978 and had been managing editor of The Atlantic magazine.   
The presidentially appointed Tower Commission, describing what it called a general "insensitivity to legal issues" at the highest levels of the Reagan administration, challenged some of Mr. Meese's legal conclusions and activities. "If he (Mr. Meese) had any doubts at all" about the legality or propriety of certain dealings with Iran, "he should have gotten a formal legal opinion" from the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, says former Attorney General Griffin Bell, a Democrat who  served  in the Carter administration.   
From 1958 to 1984, Local 560 was bossed by Mr. Provenzano, a reputed member of the Vito Genovese crime gang, and his two brothers, Salvatore and Nunzio Provenzano. The three are currently in federal prison for crimes committed while  serving  as Local 560 officers.   
Mr. Elliot moves to MBIA from his position as vice president of financial guarantees for Aetna. John Butler, now president of Municipal Issuers Service Corp., will  serve  as vice chairman of MBIA.   
Head of the Western Conference since 1958 , he has been appointed by the last two governors of California to a number of state boards . For a time he  served  as a regent of the University of California .   
U.S. State Department officials for two years have unsuccessfully strained to make UNO powerful enough to control the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, known by the Spanish initials FDN, the main Contra army. Alfonso Robelo, a moderate Contra and one of two members of the current UNO directorate, says he won't  serve  in a new seven-man directorate expected to be formed within three weeks if conservative Adolfo Calero, who resigned from the current directorate in February, takes a seat on the same panel.   
Before I reached the age of 17 , I gained much practical experience sailing on Lake Constance , where I learned to handle nearly every kind of sailboat from a nutshell to a 60-foot , two-masted yacht . At 18 I  served  a six-month hitch as an apprentice aboard a schooner sailing the Baltic and North Sea .   
The commission appointed by the Faculty of Medicine included several leading figures from different sciences . One was Benjamin Franklin , then seventy-eight years old and  serving  as the American ambassador to France .   
Members of the Chamber of Deputies are elected on the basis of population, just as members of our House of Representatives are. They  serve  for terms of three years; in our House of Representatives members serve for terms of two years. s Watch a TV program in which the President of the United States appears.   
Those not in written form were given verbally by the various chairmen or committee members. Names were then submitted to  serve  on the Nominating Committee for the annual convention.   
Ex-Treasury secretary Robert Anderson admitted in federal court to several tax-evasion schemes and illegally operating an offshore bank. Anderson  served  under Eisenhower.   
After being released from a Cuban prison , he joined the United States Navy as a midshipman . Like his famous father , Porter first  served  in the Constellation .   
Mr. Stursberg, 66, relinquished the chairman's job and became a company director in 1986 so that he could devote more time to other business ventures. In addition to his new post, Mr. Ciasullo, 50, will continue to  serve  as president and chief operating officer of the maker of computer workstations, printers and related software and equipment.   
Besides dealing with chronic deficits in past years, she also has had to contend with labor discord as executive director of Consumers Union, the nonprofit foundation that publishes the magazine. A lawyer, Ms. Karpatkin has held the post since 1974; she previously  served  as the foundation's outside attorney.   
You know the language, Louis, and the Kikuyu trust you. Will you  serve  on the committee?   
"But really, it's such Silly Putty." Nonetheless, the emphasis on numbers has changed the way Congress works by diminishing the influence of the authorizing committees, on which most members  serve .   
The British influence is also apparent in Detroit's new " beat commander " project, launched several months ago in a heavily Negro area with a crime rate that is above the city-wide average and rising. Instead of being constantly shifted about, two dozen policemen will  serve  for an entire year in a roughly one-square-mile area containing about 15,000 people.   
Mattel Inc. said Raymond W. Ferris, who  served  on an executive committee that briefly ran the toy company, resigned as executive vice president for strategic planning.   
"Some of the most sleazy characters you can imagine were bilking people through this ad hoc process." Among other things, Mr. Walsh and congressional investigators have documents and testimony indicating that Col. North and Robert Owen, who  served  as a courier to Contra groups, were aware of, and apparently condoned, plans to secretly siphon off profits to some Contra supporters.   
Of those who  served  in Vietnam only a minority bore the full brunt.   
Then Mr. Kirby ended the day by plunking himself in front of the television to take in a basketball game and an America's Cup yacht race. Other chief executives may feel lost away from the hustle and bustle of corporate life, but not Mr. Kirby, who retired in 1983 after  serving  nine years as chairman of the electrical equipment and broadcasting concern.   
But there was one occasion, at least, that stands out in my memory as both exciting and unique. In September 1960 I was asked to  serve  on the American delegation to the Interparliamentary Union, which was meeting in Tokyo that year.   
He is only the fourth president of the company, founded by W.C. Coleman in 1900, and the third family member to hold the position. Mr. Jones, who  served  as president for 14 years through 1985, was the only non-family member to serve in that post.   
Did you know that it takes as long or longer for a pilot to qualify for command of an aircraft as it does for a doctor to qualify for practice ? Seven years is the average time a co-pilot  serves  before he wears the coveted four stripes of a captain .   
" We could walk into any night club , " said Muzz Patrick , " and the patrons would stand and cheer . " Thirteen Rangers  served  in World War II , virtually ruining the franchise .   
Sir Geoffrey is a good diplomat and he doesn't come right out and say that one of the good things about Lord Blake is that he would be content to be a figurehead. To make his point, he mentions the time Lord Curzon  served  as chancellor.   
"I never heard that. Do you think he would consent to  serve  as my "friend," sir?"   
Atlantic Richfield Co. said John A. Gavin, the former U.S. ambassador to Mexico who became an Arco vice president last June, is resigning to head a Spanish-language communications company. Mr. Gavin, 55 years old and an actor before he  served  as Mexican ambassador from 1981 to 1986, was named president of Univisa Satellite Communications, a closely held concern based in Los Angeles.   
As previously reported, the transaction was financed with $160 million in long-term debt from a group of banks, a bridge loan by Donaldson Lufkin, and equity investments by Hicks & Haas and Donaldson Lufkin. Palco Acquisitions Co., which was formed to acquire Palco, also includes James N. Mills, a Hicks & Haas partner who will  serve  as chairman, president and chief executive officer of the company.   
Manuel A. Estrella, president of the company, which is known as PNOC, and others on the six-member board met with government proponents of the denationalization plan led by Vicente Paterno, a Philippine senator and former PNOC president. Under Mr. Paterno's direction, the board had accepted the government's plans and had begun to actively court foreign investors, including British Petroleum PLC and Kuwait Petroleum Corp. Only two members of the current board  served  during Mr. Paterno's tenure as PNOC president.   
Mr. Fiske, who was in Washington yesterday for testimony on Robert Bork's nomination to the Supreme Court, declined to comment. He was appointed Manhattan U.S. attorney by President Ford and  served  in that post until 1980, personally trying cases against heroin trafficker Leroy "Nicky" Barnes and labor figure Anthony M. Scotto.   
Master Commandant Oliver Hazard Perry , who commissioned the making of the flag in a frontier settlement on Lake Erie , was not one of Preble's boys , although he might well have claimed kinship through association , as did the Philadelphia officers . A lieutenant in the Adams of Richard Morris' squadron , Perry had missed  serving  under Preble by the narrowest of margins when he decided to go home in the fall of 1803 .   
Last year alone, three Democrats left the Senate Budget Committee; four of the six Democrats who joined the panel are newcomers to the Senate. One of those freshmen, Timothy Wirth of Colorado, previously  served  on the House Budget Committee, and he once remarked: "The pleasure I felt when I got on the Budget Committee was exceeded only by the pleasure I had getting off it."   
He knows very well what real censorship is and how dangerous it is. He has been a member of ITI and now  serves  as its president because he understands its crucial role is in inspiring exchange between artists and in protecting them.   
The NSC is part and parcel of the White House structure, and decisions on national security cannot be made in a domestic-policy vacuum. While  serving  as head of the NSC, Mr. Kissinger maintained, for example, that President Nixon's approach to an arms-control agreement was totally above domestic-policy considerations.   
The Romans made better use of their cattle than did the Greeks , and the Roman herds provided food , labor and hides . Cheese was a major food in the Roman diet and was introduced into Germany , England , France , Switzerland and the Low Countries by Romans  serving  in those lands .   
Consider Richard M. Nixon . He  served  as Congressman and Senator from California , then was twice elected Vice-President , distinguishing himself as an active participant in government , thereby bringing a new dimension to the office .   
In addition, Carl Watson, currently executive vice president, marketing, will become president and chief operating officer. The elder Mr. Noland had also  served  as president, and there had been no officially designated chief operating officer.   
They worked closely with two other key men : William J. Quinn , sixty-one , a lawyer and former F. B. I. man who followed Menk into the presidency of the Burlington and is now chairman of the Burlington Northern's closest competitor , the Milwaukee Road , and Robert W. Downing , fifty-eight , Budd's executive vice president . A brilliant operating officer , Downing was responsible for planning and coordinating the details of the merger ,  serving  on a master committee that monitored progress .   
Pittston's stock fell 50 cents to close at $12.875 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading. Robin H.H. Wilson, president of Burlington Air Express, will  serve  as president of both WTC and Burlington in a combined unit, Pittston said.   
Mr. Atkins's lawyer says that the trades did entail risk, but he argues that even if the jury found they did not entail such risk, they should have been considered legitimate nonetheless. Mr. Moss, who from 1978 to 1980  served  as deputy chief of the criminal division at the U.S. Attorney's office in the Southern District of New York, also questioned the reliability of the four men who testified against Mr. Atkins.   
"It is, indeed, frustrating," Rep. Cheney says. But he adds, "I will die a happy man if I get to  serve  two years in the majority in the House."   
They made strange claims in the hope of being sent immediately to the front . Rockwell and Thaw swore that they had  served  in the Mexican Army and when their corporal later commented on their inexperience at drill , they informed him with straight faces that Mexicans fought only guerrilla warfare . Lincoln Chatkoff , of Maplewood , Mass. , solemnly swore that he had served five years with the Salvation Army .   
The AP reported that Mrs. Whittlesey telephoned Rep. Henry Hyde, who in turn talked to Reps. Dan Mica and Olympia Snowe, who  serve  on the investigating subcommittee.   
Another fast-rising young officer was also up for promotion in 1969 . Colonel Robert M. Montague  served  as a deputy for pacification to the military command in Saigon , and had volunteered to stay many years beyond his normal tour of duty .   
Others who were named yesterday were: William Mack, a building contractor and chairman of the Javits Convention Center; Nora Bredes, head of the Shoreham Opponents Coalition, a citizens' group working to keep Shoreham from ever operating; Irving Like, an attorney who has represented Long Island counties against Lilco on rate-increase requests; Richard Kessel, the state Consumer Protection Board director; John Canas, president of North Fork Bancorp in East Moriches, N.Y., and Vincent Tese, the state's economic development director. Mr. Mack will  serve  as chairman.   
Tierco said it hopes another investor will put up at least $15 million to join the partnership. Joseph M. Murphy, Tierco chairman and chief executive officer, will  serve  as chairman and a principal of Value Investors.   
EDS owns 51% of Nippon EDS and Nippon Information 49%, an EDS spokesman said. Yukitsugu Shimokawa, president of Nippon Information, will  serve  as president of Nippon EDS, and Bob Barker, managing director of EDS Japan, as executive vice president.   
In every firm with more than five jobs, the workers elect a council by secret ballot. Most councils number anywhere from 15 to 120 members, depending on the size of the enterprise, and they  serve  for two years.   
The standard measure of the quality of a lower court judge's performance is the frequency with which his decisions are overturned. Judge Bork, who has  served  on the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia for five years, has written about 100 majority opinions and none has been overruled.   
None could be more typical than a likable , bearded young man with long hair and a gentle face named Tim Butz . Tim had enlisted in the Air Force out of high school , and had  served  with distinction in Vietnam .   
"I just can't go by the courthouse without feeling depression and frustration," says a Los Angeles man. He recently  served  10 working days on jury duty without being chosen for a single case.   
An attempt was made to protect women from heavy work that might keep them from having healthy children . In the war years women  served  in the army , but almost exclusively behind the front , as our own WAC'S did .   
The skilled occupations are also known as the " crafts, " and therefore skilled workers are also called craftsmen. Because of their additional training, skilled workers  serve  under less supervision than semiskilled workers, and they may be called upon to exercise more judgment than the latter.   
Lawrence Walsh, the Iran-Contra independent counsel, immediately said he will seek permission to file papers opposing the government's views. And Fred Wertheimer, head of the citizens' lobby Common Cause, asserted that the Justice Department's position "could dangerously undermine all of the ongoing criminal investigations that involve numerous individuals who have  served  at the highest levels" of the administration.   
Some officials said they believe Mr. Carlucci's and Lt. Gen. Powell's ties to Mr. Weinberger may mean the council staff will align itself more closely to the Defense Department's hard-line positions on arms control and East-West relations. But officials close to Mr. Carlucci said the new national security adviser is determined to  serve  as an honest broker between the Pentagon, the State Department, the CIA and other agencies.   
Mr. Neely couldn't be reached at work or home for comment. He has been a Smith employee for 22 years,  serving  as chief executive since 1976 and chairman since 1977.   
Mr. Roman, who will retain his post as president, succeeds William E. Phillips, who remains chairman of the parent. The company named to its board Ian Hunt, chairman and chief executive officer of Research International, which the company acquired in January, and Hugh Parker, who  serves  on several boards and was managing director of the British unit of McKinsey & Co., a management-consultant firm, until he retired in 1983.   
However, he is considered more of a promoter and fund-raiser than an academic. He is a West Point graduate and combat veteran of the Korean War, and  served  from 1970 to 1972 as President Nixon's assistant secretary of state for congressional relations.   
Raised on a farm in Palmyra , Michigan , he went to work in the firm's Chicago office in 1948 and rose to the rank of partner in eight years ; ordinarily , it takes about a dozen years to get that far . Before becoming chief executive , he  served  for eight years as head of the Cleveland office .   
At the Centre he was respected not because he was dictatorial which he is but because he was dynamic and competent. He was equally loved for his big-hearted nature, and everyone was infinitely proud to  serve  under his command.   
It was Soviet President Andrei Gromyko, dubbed "Mr. Nyet" when he  served  as foreign minister, who "once warned us that behind Mr. Gorbachev's 'nice smile' lie 'teeth of steel,'" one analyst notes.   
Associates of Chairman Paul Volcker praise Mr. Johnson's thoughtfulness. He is also an oft-mentioned candidate to succeed Mr. Volcker if the Fed chief isn't reappointed to another four-year term, or declines to  serve  again, when his current term expires in August.   
That is doubtful , since he claims to be only an antropologo , a considerably lesser status to the experienced Indian . So many Indians have  served  as informants that , in one state at least , there are jokes that anthropology is the third biggest industry after oil and beer .   
After the first year I was the only Communist member until 1936 , when Clarence Hathaway was added , to substitute for me when I was unavailable . Dr. Harry F. Ward , of the Union Theological Seminary , became chairman in 1935 and  served  until the war .   
Despite his height of 6 feet 5 inches, which appears taller because of his erect posture, Mr. Pearson cuts a low profile here, making him an ideal representative for the publicity-shy Mellons. During the 1970s, he  served  on the boards of each of the Mellons' "Big Four" companies headquartered in downtown Pittsburgh: Mellon Bank, Gulf Oil Corp., Aluminum Co. of America and Koppers Co.   
Mr. Momayez-Zadeh, 31, who was vice president of finance, also will  serve  as treasurer and continue as a director, Equinox said. Mr. Sachs, who will serve as a consultant to the company, said he left voluntarily and will retire.   
A former vice chairman of E.F. Hutton Group Inc., Mr. Shad has been known as an ardent deregulator who helped to streamline SEC operations. He  served  beyond the end of his five-year SEC term last June in part to oversee the agency's stepped-up efforts against insider trading.   
Mr. Abdnor, a 63-year-old Republican, was defeated for reelection in November. He  served  one term in the Senate, having defeated Democratic Sen. George McGovern in 1980. Previously, Mr. Abdnor served eight years in the House.   
In his church bulletin he expressed his belief that what the world needed was " the triumphant spirit of human courage and sacrifice. " When the war broke out, Clark Poling was determined at first to  serve  as an ordinary soldier.   
When Green rushed up to see what had caused the hitch , he found himself confronted , at the very outset of his operation , by a staggering problem . Having  served  some time at Fort Klamath , he was no stranger to these sudden , low-lying plateau fogs that might last an hour or all day .   
" Well , I'll send you over to Monticello with a note to General Sheridan . Seeing that he  served  at the Point with " Old Mud " Walker , I'm certain he shall do all in his power to get you exchanged on my recommendation .   
Mr. Cahouet acquired a reputation as a trouble-shooter and turnaround executive during a two-year stint at Crocker National Corp., where he helped restore profitability to the San Francisco bank. He  served  as president and chief executive at Crocker until it was acquired by Wells Fargo & Co. in May 1986.   
" You'd be more useful as an interpreter than as a soldier, " an officer told him. " I'll  serve  wherever needed, " Rubinstein replied. Within a short time he was requested to serve as translator for Allied Headquarters.   
Morgan Olmstead, a brokerage holding company, is based in Los Angeles. Mr. Schnabel is  serving  as the U.S. ambassador to Finland.   
The practice, of course, has a venerable history. Alexander Haig rose from colonel to four-star general while  serving  as Henry Kissinger's deputy. Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft also served as Mr. Kissinger's deputy.   
The Deputy Chief resigned in a huff and his post was filled by Stan Patt , another rank-and-file fireman who was Doddring's junior by three days , before compulsory retirement . With 420 men in the Department ,  serving  an average term of thirty-five years from recruitment to retirement , the average tenure of the Chief's office became one month , with a similar rapid turnover in all ranks .   
Three years after Marco Polo arrived home , the fierce trade rivalry between Venice and Genoa broke into open war .  Serving  as a " gentleman commander " of a galley , Marco and his ship were captured , and he was thrown into a Genoese jail .   
I came home heartsick at what our party had done to itself. And when they asked me to  serve  as an elector I wanted no part of it.   
And even greatly increased influence in Washington for the nation's entrepreneurs still isn't likely to match that garnered by the chairman of a Fortune 500 company when he walks into a congressman's office, says Eddie Mahe, a Republican political consultant. "A more direct route would be to get one of their members to  serve  as finance chairman for every candidate running for Congress.   
Realizing that his scheme would soon be uncovered, Arnold fled his West Point home minutes before George Washington was due for breakfast. After  serving  as a British officer for the duration of the Revolution, Arnold made his way to London.   
The following summer , at the age of eighty-seven , he resigned his post as Chancellor , though he remained a member of the Bundestag until his death four years later . Adenauer was succeeded by Ludwig Erhard , also a Christian Democrat , who had  served  very efficiently as Minister of Economics and proved himself both able and popular in Western Europe .   
Candidates would be selected for vice-president, treasurer and two directors. Selected to  serve  on the Nominating Committee were: Maxine Schrader, chairman, Tom Scanlan, Joyce Hoffa, Jim Brennan, Ingwald Gunderson, Mary Olson, and Joe Virden.   
He said a five-member search committee for a new chairman and chief executive held its first meeting yesterday. Mr. Pearson is also currently  serving  as chief executive.   
President Reagan named Deputy National Security Adviser Alton Keel to become ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in Brussels. Mr. Keel, who  served  briefly as interim national security adviser following Vice Adm. John Poindexter's resignation last month, would succeed Ambassador David Abshire. Mr. Keel became deputy to Mr. Poindexter last July, after serving as the executive director to the presidential commission on the Challenger shuttle explosion.   
But they were only the opening move in what may be an awkward courtship ritual between the president and the chairman. Steven Roberts, who  served  as Mr. Volcker's assistant until joining Peat Marwick Main & Co. as a partner this spring, said: "My best guess is, he will stay if the president asks him.   
Besides a possible sale, HBO said it will also consider spinning off one or more of its operating divisions or subsidiaries, selling certain assets, buying back stock and recapitalizing. Donald L. Lucas and John M. Clark Jr., both of whom are outside directors, will  serve  on the special committee.   
Paulssen himself , Seibold continued proudly , was a veteran of the underseas force . He had  served  aboard a U-boat in 1937 in the international control organization during the Spanish Civil War , cruising the Mediterranean and the Bay of Biscay .   
That would return Mr. Taft to a position of leadership from which he has slowly been pushed by the board. In July, the 46-year-old Mr. Taft was named vice chairman after  serving  as president and chief operating officer for more than 10 years.   
Dr. C. A. Christy has been named president of a Wang subsidiary , PHI Computer Services , Inc. , software consultant and system marketer with a data center in Arlington , Mass. He was the designer of TELEBATCH remote batch processing service ... . Donald J. Birmingham will be responsible for new hardware and software products as vp at Data Pathing , Sunnyvale , Calif. , manufacturer of source data collection systems for industry . He was in at the founding of DPI in 1965 , previously  served  with GE in Phoenix .   
Later today, a white friend from my college days telephoned from New Jersey, Mrs. Meyers. Would I  serve  as master of ceremonies at a parade in celebration of a worthy cause?   
While Republican national chairman during the Watergate scandal, he remained a Nixon apologist until a few days before the president's resignation. And after criticizing supply-side economics in 1980 as "voodoo economics," he swallowed his misgivings to  serve  as vice president in the Reagan administration, and there isn't any record that he privately protested as the administration enacted its supply-side program.   
Despite certain reservations, Appellate Judge Winter said the settlement was reasonable because "the weight of present scientific evidence does not establish that personnel in Vietnam were injured by Agent Orange." Significantly, the appeals court approved an unusual "compensation-based" distribution plan that allows veterans who  served  in areas in which Agent Orange was sprayed and who are disabled to collect benefits to a maximum $12,000 -- with smaller payments to survivors of such veterans.   
" So successful is the school that Hank is now planning a $2^3-million addition . He has  served  under six Presidents as an adviser on the handicapped , and written seven books on various phases of his work .   
Little Mac did not live in the field with his men but at a palatial mansion he had rented in Washington. He chose as staff officers aristocratic foreigners who had volunteered to  serve  in the Union army among them Prince Salm-Salm of Saxony; the Comte de Paris and two sons of the Prince de Joinville.   
Some forty thousand men came as volunteers for the International Brigade, though there were never more than eighteen thousand in Spain at any one time. And many others came to  serve  as doctors, nurses, and technicians.   
I had a wife , Eileen , and two children . My practice had suffered slightly as a result of World War II , when I  served  as a dental officer in the South African Medical Corps , but it was improving and the future seemed assured .   
A tiff with Washington , when nerves of both were frayed , was quickly followed by renewed understanding between them and entrusting of Colonel Hamilton with capture of the last British redoubt at Yorktown . Notable figures who  served  during the Revolution in legislature , executive office , and diplomatic assignment complained that the Society of the Cincinnati set up a presumed preference of patriotism for those in the army .   
Mr. Proxmire would preside over confirmation hearings for Mr. Henkel if he is renominated to the Bank Board by President Reagan. Because he was appointed while the Senate wasn't in session, Mr. Henkel  serves  without confirmation.   
The maker of welded steel tubing and gray iron castings said the appointments follow the death, earlier this year, of Vincent D. Hofmann, who had been chairman. Bernard Hofmann, 52 years old, who succeeds his uncle as chairman, also formerly  served  as president.   
A Bain spokesman declined to say whether Sir Jack had been told, saying it is a "private matter." The Bain spokesman said Olivier Roux, a Bain consultant who  served  as a Guinness director and its chief of financial strategy, remains on Bain's payroll.   
What is known is that 15 copies were published at his own expense and all vanished after he took office . Pompidou's expressed position is a predictable one : " The president of a nation should not write a book while he is  serving  in office . "   
Mr. Johnson's rise has been remarkably fast. He  served  as a Green Beret and Army Ranger in Southeast Asia before receiving economics degrees from Troy State University in Alabama and Florida State University.   
He is vice-president and general manager of the Skelton Oil Company , a subsidiary of Gulf Oil Corporation . He is a mechanical engineer from Purdue and  served  in the Navy in World War II .   
Among his many travels , he went to Russia and met Lenin and Trotsky and addressed the Third Internationale . He  served  as an associate editor of The Liberator and The Masses .   
The court's ruling reversed criminal contempt convictions of five persons accused of infringing the trademark of Louis Vuitton, a French leather goods manufacturer. While the Supreme Court said the courts may appoint lawyers to handle the contempt cases, the court ruled it was improper for the district court to appoint the lawyers for Louis Vuitton to  serve  as the prosecutors in the contempt case.   
Custer was anxious to speak , but McClellan commanded the scene . " I am surprised and grieved to hear such sentiments from my own boys : from you who have  served  with the Army of the Potomac .   
Mr. Griscom, 37, former press secretary to Senate majority leader Howard H. Baker Jr., will become president and chief operating officer of the public affairs unit. Mr. Griscom most recently  served  as director of the Republican senatorial campaign committee.   
Mr. Chiles is the sixth senator -- and third committee chairman -- to call it quits this year. Senator Dan Evans decided to retire after  serving  only four years in the Senate.   
He previously was executive vice president of Lockheed-California. -- R. Richard Heppe, 64, who also will  serve  as general manager of advanced tactical fighter programs.   
At a time when the country has moved into an era of greater and greater public spending , it is more important than ever to examine the process by which projects and priorities evolve and the big chunks of cash get committed . For the over-all design of the Mall , Governor Rockefeller turned to Wallace K. Harrison , who was the co-architect for Rockefeller Center some forty years ago when Nelson was  serving  an apprenticeship in the family business .   
Hanfstaengl was never clear as to who was responsible and Goering dismissed it as a " joke. " In a matter of days, he fled Germany, and after short internments in England and Canada arrived in the U.S. to  serve  as an intelligence analyst for an old Harvard schoolmate Franklin Delano Roosevelt.   
The work of the house of burgesses was done through committees ; citizens asked for what they wanted or complained about what they did not get . The committee on which Washington  served  sifted all petitions , so he plunged at once into important government work .   
John R. McCormick , a 28-year-old West Pointer from Corpus Christi , Texas . After  serving  six months as an adviser to the South Vietnamese army , during which time he saw considerable combat , McCormick asked to be transferred to the 4th Cavalry , a part of the 25th Division .   
They form relationships other than those based exclusively on sex . " They don't negate sexual attraction , " says Cathy Bennigson , who conducted the Stanford study while  serving  with her husband as the faculty resident couple in a freshman coed house .   
Not according to persistent rumors from Bolivia . And most of the invisible fingers point at General Ovando , the president who was unseated in October and who now  serves  as ambassador to Spain .   
Mr. Shapiro, 48 years old, has managed major transitions before. He taught and practiced law, and  served  in the Transportation Department before becoming general counsel of an electronics company.   
He joined Transco in 1978 as vice president, finance, after 10 years as an executive at Citibank in New York. He has  served  as a Transco director since 1981 and as president and chief operating officer since 1984.   
Marines went along with the Canadians in the raid on Dieppe, even more disastrous than the one on Zeebrugge. The force was formed as a group of soldiers who could  serve  aboard warships without getting seasick.   
"It's not only the positions he takes but the vehemence of them that surprises us," says a Democratic lawmaker who regularly opposes Mr. Wallop. Sen. Simpson, who  served  with Mr. Wallop in the Wyoming Legislature, notes: "He burns with a passion unalloyed."   
Since joining the agency in April 1984, Mr. Jarrell has influenced SEC policy making in numerous areas, including corporate takeover regulation and oil and gas industry accounting. He has been schooled in the University of Chicago free-market theory and has  served  as a senior economist at Lexecon Inc., a Chicago consulting firm.   
Robert Swinarton, who retired six years ago at 54 as vice chairman of Dean Witter Reynolds, another major brokerage house, also planned to retire early. But  serving  as a director or trustee wasn't part of his plan.   
Will the promise of bargain equity cause reluctant outsiders to rush to the boardroom? Vernon Jordan, a Washington lawyer who  serves  on the boards of eight major corporations -- including the publisher of this newspaper, Dow Jones & Co., which doesn't have such a plan, and Corning Glass Works, which does -- thinks the answer is no.   
To his credit, Mr. Halloran does his best to close that breech with a series of chapters portraying the realities of military life today. He looks at the commanders in the field, the troops who  serve  under their commands, and the terrible responsibilities of standing watch in trouble spots around the world.   
Despite a trip to the U.S. that Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone himself characterized as disappointing, calls for the premier's early resignation are diminishing. Indeed, political analysts who only a month ago said he would be lucky to remain in office until the June summit meeting of industrial nations now say Mr. Nakasone most likely will  serve  out his term, which ends in October.   
In contrast, Mr. Geisel arrived at Carnegie Group in 1984 with an entrepreneurial and business background. With engineering degrees from Arizona State University, his previous experience included starting an Oregon company that devised information systems for banks and  serving  as director of management information systems at Pullman Inc.   
He stays active as a director of the Professional Golf Association tour, a director of Mellon Bank -- where, he notes, he keeps his money -- and chairman of the University of Pittsburgh's board, among other things. Still, he turns down invitations to  serve  on other boards, and his current obligations require only about 50 meetings a year -- far fewer than he had to squeeze into his hectic schedule before retiring.   
According to WTBS, the producers "purposely did not recast the role of patriarch Ward originated by (the late) Hugh Beaumont." June is now a widow, contentedly caring for her grandchildren and  serving  on the Mayfield City Council.   
Though economic growth shows signs of slowing, the U.S. is in the 53rd month of an economic upturn that has absorbed vast world exports and created record numbers of American jobs. "In terms of the fundamentals, the U.S. economy is very strong," says Richard Cooper, a Harvard economics professor who  served  as President Carter's undersecretary of state for economic affairs.   
He previously was acting president of Lockheed Aircraft Service, based in Ontario. -- Kenneth W. Cannestra, 56, who also will  serve  as general manager of the unit's Georgia division.   
They belong to her. I picked them up in 1937 while  serving  with the U.S. Army.   
John Daly, principal shareholder and chairman of Hemdale, would become chief executive officer of the surviving company, to be called Hemdale Film Corp. Derek Gibson, Hemdale's executive vice president, would become chief operating officer. Irwin Rubin, currently chairman and chief executive of Computer Memories, said he won't  serve  as a senior officer of the combined companies.   
Braniff also may revamp its marketing under Mr. Foley, the source said. Mr. Foley will  serve  essentially as a "caretaker" for Braniff until Mr. Pritzker decides what to do with the airline, the source said.   
Mr. Liedtke said he also doesn't intend to delay another set of plans -- for his retirement -- through years of Texaco reorganization proceedings, should they stretch that long. Mr. Liedtke recently announced that he would continue  serving  as chairman and chief executive past his 65th birthday to guide the company to conclusion of the litigation with Texaco.   
A West German court convicted a former presidential secretary of treason after she admitted giving state secrets to a Soviet KGB agent. Prosecutors said the woman, who  served  as secretary to five West German presidents, was one of several "lonely heart spies" recruited by Moscow.   
" It is nothing, sir, " Lafayette answered in excellent English. " I shall feel well repaid if I can  serve  under you."   
After a two-year stint in the merchant marine , Fuqua proceeded naturally enough into commercial radio . He  served  for a while as the chief engineer of a radio station in Charleston , South Carolina , but he was bedeviled by the entrepreneurial itch .   
"A tremendous number of people are called, wait for a long time and don't get selected," he adds. On a typical day in New York's borough of Manhattan, about 2,000 people are  serving  state and local jury duty, but fewer than 10% of them ever get on a jury, says Norman Goodman, the county commissioner of jurors.   
Members of the Coffee, Sugar & Cocoa Exchange elected Gerald P. Clancy, cocoa purchasing director of M & M/Mars, as chairman of the 105-year-old exchange. Mr. Clancy, whose two-year term starts immediately, succeeds Howard C. Katz, who was elected to  serve  on the exchange's board for an additional two years.   
Each year the Institute produced a show. Dick was recruited to write the songs, and occasionally even to  serve  as stage director.   
Lyda Hunt, one of H.L. Hunt's former wives, died in 1955. One of her sons, William Herbert,  served  as executor of her will.   
"I don't think the voters are swayed too much" by endorsements, says David Moore, a University of New Hampshire political scientist. For his part, Gov. Sununu, who will  serve  as Mr. Bush's New Hampshire chairman, said he decided to endorse the vice president because he was the only candidate who "understands the subtleties" of foreign affairs, an area the governor believes has heightened importance in the wake of the arms-sale scandal.   
They were used , according to the contemporary report Soviet Women in the War , " least frequently of all in actual armed combat . " Mainly they  served  on the industrial-agricultural front .   
On the other hand, the law was a rather casual mistress in the eighties. While studying, he also had time to  serve  as a court reporter for the Cincinnati Commercial.   
John Koehler, White House communications director, is expected to announce at a news conference today that he is leaving the post after  serving  just a week, a White House official said.   
Now what?" Helping Mr. Atwood answer that question will be EDS's Mr. Alberthal, who has  served  as president of the unit since May of this year.   
The commitment will continue under John H. Filer , 47 , who took over last month as chairman and chief executive officer from retiring Olcott D. Smith , 65 . A graduate of DePauw and Yale Law School , Filer practiced law and then  served  as a Republican state senator in Connecticut before joining Aetna in 1958 as an assistant counsel .   
In the previous year, CooperVision earned $35.2 million, or $1.69 a share. Mr. Koffel, 47, who most recently  served  as executive vice president, Coopervision USA, will continue to be responsible for domestic operations.   
He added that Mr. Neely wasn't asked to resign. Mr. Neely will still  serve  as a director and consultant.   
Captain William Washington was twenty-four years old at that time and had already made himself an unmatched reputation for courage and daring . William Washington  served  under Hugh Mercer , whom he adored , and who regarded him much as an adopted son .   
These papers drew the interest of Sir Nevill Mott, a pioneer in solid-state physics and director of Britain's famed Cavendish Laboratory, where other basic work on amorphous materials was going on. Mott subsequently visited Ovshinsky's laboratory and agreed to  serve  as an unpaid consultant.   
"It's sort of the end of an era," said one company executive and associate of Mr. Taft. In July, Mr. Taft, 46 years old, was named vice chairman after  serving  as president and chief operating officer for more than 10 years.   
At the time of the announcement, Mr. Ruffi said he planned to stay with Emhart. Mr. Ruffi  served  in nine different line and staff positions at Emhart, ranging from treasurer to president of the United Machinery Group.   
In an earlier transaction, Energy Partners acquired the net assets of May Energy Partners Ltd., an oil and gas limited partnership managed by May. May Petroleum is 44% controlled by Craig Hall, the Dallas real estate investor who  serves  as its chairman and chief executive officer.   
Tesoro initially declined to finance the venture, but the relationship didn't end there. Mr. Morgan's girlfriend had  served  in the Bolivian government and had high-reaching connections there with the potential to help expand Tesoro's domain of foreign oil properties.   
Romney Brent, June Cochrane, Betty Starbuck, Lee Strasberg, and Libby Holman assumed talking or singing parts. Philip Loeb was called on to be the producer; Herbert Fields to direct the dances; Harold Clurman to  serve  as stage manager.   
As we waited in tense expectation, the officers disclosed our new commands. Some of us had been selected to  serve  on destroyers, others on minesweepers.   
The agreement was to be kept secret . Paine saw no objection to being paid for writing in this vein , but the affair of the Indiana Company had  served  as a warning that his motives might not be understood .   
Balance of power was to assure "stability, security and confidence." Even if the report wasn't exactly in the language of operative politics, it  served  for 20 years as a yardstick of reason.   
The following are generally accepted, but should be checked with local sources in case there may be regional variations. They  serve  as the most important wedding anniversary themes and can be used, in many cases, as sources of ideas for gifts.   
Here, he is a scavenger, combing the surrounding countryside for discarded bottles that can be redeemed for a couple of cents each. He has tried to cultivate the tiny plot of land surrounding the tin shack that  serves  as a house for his family, but the land is hard and barren.   
Hasn't had a garrison since the British took over Pondicherry .  Serves  no purpose at all to control river or sea .   
Something important was always just about to happen . This sort of anticipation can keep an occultist coming back for years , and  serves  as a powerful antidote to disillusionment .   
" I think we should build Fidalgo back just the way it was , " he replied slowly . " The boardwalk was put up forty years ago , and it  served  our purpose all that time .   
The French play a valuable -- and generally positive -- role in the Middle East. In countries such as Iraq, they can  serve  as a bridge to the West, and as an alternative to superpower domination.   
Frankie, an "image consultant," meets them both after she's hired to sell the idea of sending Ulysses on a space mission to the public. Either because of the way the scientist's part is written, or the way Mr. Malkovich plays it, or both, Dr. Peters is too much of an airheaded Caspar Milquetoast to be a plausible villain, too insubstantial to  serve  as a satirical vision of the "perfectly" unemotional man.   
Most psychiatrists who get Government referrals are cautious men themselves, respectable practitioners. Now if you can provide any instance, any occurrence, that might  serve  as real evidence; but mere suspicions won't do.   
The human bitch is something else again. In many cultures dogs  serve  as scavengers; and they certainly lead a miserable-looking existence, kicked by every passing human, half-starved and " wolfing " every possible bit of food they can find.   
It was amazing that it leaked so little, but he knew it must have a coating of galgal composed of resin and coconut oil on the bottom. Suspended over the leeward side was a leeboard to  serve  as a keel with the wind on the quarter.   
Otherwise, to ask such questions is a breach of professional courtesy and a violation of good corporate manners. What directors really do, according to Professor Mace, is to give advice and counsel when asked, and, by the mere fact of their presence,  serve  as a discipline for presidents and subordinate management.   
" It's a table , and after Goldilocks and Sue are dressed they're going to have tea . " She casually indicated two dolls lying patiently naked on the floor while she selected clothing for them from a box which  served  as a dolls' wardrobe .   
PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF INDIANA said it will issue a $35 million 7.6% first mortgage bond, series NN, due March 15, 2012, to Princeton, Ind. It said the bond  serves  as collateral for $35 million of pollution control bonds being issued by Princeton at the same interest rate.   
Such common-sense approaches have worked for her before. While she was merchandising director for the Miller Beer brand, she redesigned tavern signs, ordering a neon one to  serve  as a sort of welcome mat for bars.   
You noted that these tests have attracted "little attention from civil libertarians." At least the story has  served  one useful purpose: Our association will make certain that attention is focused on this slanderous use of testing.   
That troops come to hunt us out; as usual. You could  serve  as a monument to as usual."   
At what was to be the interview site, the Annapolis Hilton, the agents rented several rooms. One would  serve  as headquarters, another held a polygraph machine that could be used (it wasn't) and a third was for the questioning.   
In addition, the Uniform Code of Arbitration governing most securities proceedings has been approved by the SEC and calls for panels with a majority of "public arbitrators" from outside the industry unless the customer requests otherwise. However fair the present system may be, it will require reforms if it is to  serve  as the court of last resort for important federal statutory rights.   
The man playing the bambolon had to make it resound long and loud before the populace responded . It was deep night by the time the first citizens arrived to sit under the huge silk-cotton tree that  served  as the " council tree " for the village .   
On trips away from home where only water of a questionable purity may be available, the use of good bottled waters is recommended. They  serve  as refreshing drinking water with a maximum assurance of safety.   
He would watch with envy those who were saved go marching off to the Mourners Bench, and he knew without doubt that there was nothing ahead for him but the eternal fires of Hell. Sometimes to flush the evil from his mind, to bring the solace of pure thought, he would try to envision some person, someone stronger than himself, someone who might  serve  as a good example.   
The fact that the young Negro musicians took absolutely no part in these efforts limits the importance of the movement considerably . Still , the Revival has  served  a purpose .   
This is second . " He put down his jacket ( Jim's jacket was still  serving  as home ) and held up two fingers . "   
Band leader Stan Kenton , then based at Balboa Beach in California , used the term to describe his experimental style of music . Kenton's band  served  as a workshop for a number of important up-and-coming jazz talents .   
Biologist Howard M. Temin, thirty-six, of the University of Wisconsin (and, independently, David Baltimore of M. I. T.) shook the foundations of conventional biological thinking by discovering a reverse flow of genetic information, to DNA rather than from it. Temin believes that virus-like entities  serve  an important role in the early life of an organism.   
In part to defuse criticism over an expensive tomb being built for the Suharto family near Solo, central Java, the government in 1978 turned Sukarno's grave into a stone shrine. A Balinese-style gate  serves  as the entrance to a small park in the center of Blitar.   
The four local banks and one discount house also will act as market makers. Other registered dealers will  serve  as market makers but won't be able to bid directly for new securities.   
We shall call it theme A at its first exposition , A prime , A double prime , and A triple prime in what follows . Figure B , which comes between the second and third exposition of A ,  serves  merely as an episode ; actually , it comes where the bridge would have if Do Nothin ' had preceded the Concerto .   
Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc. laid out details about the special bank it will create to hold problem loans as a prelude to its $1.19 billion acquisition by Chemical New York Corp. In a unique feature of the merger that may  serve  as a model for the acquisition of troubled Texas banks, the newly merged banks will spin off problem energy and real estate loans with a book value of about $300 million into a separate bank, to be called the National Loan Bank.
One of the world's biggest underwater oil-storage tanks has already been constructed and is anchored to the bottom of the Persian Gulf .  Serving  as a storage and loading depot for an oil field in the Dubai sheikdom , the giant undersea tank weighs 15,000 tons and holds half a million barrels of oil .   
My guides conferred concerning the location of something , I couldn't make out what . Then the older nodded in the direction of a long , dull , dirty mass not a hundred yards away , which ( as near as I could see )  served  either as a church or a tomb .   
It was only as the Sahara became drier and drier that people who went south found it increasingly difficult to trade and communicate with the people in the north . Although trade routes across the desert , as well as the Nile River , still  served  as links between them , there was much less communication and sharing of ideas and culture .   
In addition, Olin has been expanding into new lines of business. Towey says that the recent acquisition of three home-construction companies should  serve  as countercyclical bolsters to the company's capital-intensive product lines.   
Arthur gave him the prescribed dose of chloral, a strong sedative, and his patient finally dropped off into a deep sleep. Leaving a low flame in a hurricane lamp to  serve  as a night light, he retired to the next room.   
Nothing in the California law forbids commercial use of ethnic languages in stores, in the media or in any way deemed useful. However, the law does seem to suggest that no action for which the government is responsible should  serve  as a disincentive to learning English; not in the documents that it issues, not in its activities nor in its attitude.   
" It will mean more to me now that it has been through certain adventures , " said Stafford Nye . He added , " It has  served  its purpose . "   
Such machine-readable text can be sent to distant points economically over phone lines. It can  serve  as computer input.   
Stalin hoped , as had Lenin , to spread Communism throughout the world . In America his purpose was  served  by The Daily Worker , which carried on its masthead the motto : " All the news that fits , we print . "   
Bihzad died at the beginning of Tahmasp's reign, but the young shah inherited the Royal Library with its staff of skilled painters, most of them pupils and followers of the old master. Among the first books they made for Tahmasp was a beautiful manuscript of Nizami's Khamsa, containing an illustration that might  serve  as a picture of the young shah and his court.   
After several years of pledging never to yield to terrorists, he shipped arms to hated Iran, in part as ransom for hostages. The problem was less the policy, which also sought to  serve  geopolitical purposes, than the disparity between action and rhetoric.   
I noticed that our compound was well maintained and closely guarded, and that large camouflage screens had been built over several structures to deceive enemy aircraft. The modern complex would  serve  well as a home for my stays in port.   
" There, " he said, giving the bucket a whack with the palm of his hand. " That will  serve ."   
The simplest method of divination is by means of omens, watching out for nature's signs and symbols the stubbing of a toe, the crowing of a rooster, the hooting of an owl, the singing of a cricket, the flight of birds, wreaths of smoke, clouds, and so on. Birds and animals and natural phenomena are good sources of information, not because they themselves know anything but because they  serve  as guideposts to the future.   
"You go into court alone to argue some really insignificant motion on a case and 30 lawyers show up for the other side," says Daniel Childs, a Philadelphia lawyer who is handling two smokers' cases. RJR says the technique  serves  a different purpose: field training for scores of recruits.   
Still , the fact remained that the emerging state had been placed on probation . In the event , Allied guardianship  served  its purpose well and the Germans proved apt pupils .   
His condition remained precisely the same . We had now some discussion as to the propriety and feasibility of awakening him ; but we had little difficulty in agreeing that no good purpose would be  served  by so doing .
Main storage is 750-nsec core that can be expanded from a minimum 16K up to 256K 18-bit words . It holds the programs of the machine being controlled and  serves  as a backing store for control store .   
Some leaders, particularly powerful Parliament Speaker Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, clearly are flirting with America. They are self-confident enough now to deal with the "great Satan," and seem to want at least some kind of relationship with the U.S. to acquire arms and to  serve  as a counterweight to the Soviet colossus on Iran's northern border.   
The superpowers may be narrowing their differences, but Europe's rejoicing is curiously muted. While it raises hopes, Mr. Gorbachev's proposal also  serves  as a reminder that Europe remains the place where more nuclear weapons are targeted than anyplace else.   
The government further ensures domestic placidity by running the nation's single television station, with some of the dullest programming in Asia, and periodically shutting down local newspapers. Still, election time allows more freedom of expression than usual, and  serves  a national temperature-taking function.   
The remaining wines from the Vaud and Neuchatel cantons usually bear the name of their village or the grape e.g. Gamay (grape) for the red wine made in the Vaud, or Dezaley, a mountain slope in the Lavaux area; the most famous of Neuchatel calls its rose " Oeil de Perdrix " (partridge eye), a name used in some French wine districts. A complete list of the names of Swiss wines would  serve  no purpose, even if it could be established, for many are made in such small quantities that they enjoy no more than a local reputation.   
Lord Baltimore authorized the coining of shillings, sixpence, and groats, which were backed by tobacco. Because of the widespread local acceptance of the currency, many economic worries were averted (although tobacco itself had to  serve  for many years as the medium of exchange in international trade).   
They are yet another way Congress has found to supply money to constituencies, and interfere with the proper workings of trade and credit markets, in ways that are less obvious than some of its other activities. Where it will all lead, we don't know, but it certainly would be a great thing if Congress would someday start asking itself how many activities it is subsidizing and what purpose the subsidies  serve .   
" The Youth Hostel was attractive . It  served  as a recreation center for the neighborhood .   
General Foods has ; indeed , it has hired many . The company also runs an in-house media operation that  serves  as a kind of super-agency coordinating the work of its five regular agencies .   
Two of them were built to be towed across the Channel and sunk off the invasion beaches. There, they would  serve  as sheltered docks able to receive ships in any kind of weather.   
Opting deliberately for an aggressive successor, he chose Mr. Kagler in early 1983. Some stock analysts and industry executives saw Mr. Kagler's firebrand manner as  serving  a purpose for the company and the milder Mr. Everingham in planning and carrying out a recent restructuring.   
People aren't saying, 'Let's have cold cuts and warm beer.'" Indeed, some executives willing to have their lunch interrupted by a reporter wax eloquent about the many purposes  served  by eating out on the company.   
The professor was referring, of course, to Chinese calligraphy, yet by the same token, for the concrete poet, the beauty of his work lies in its patent manifestation. William Jay Smith's " typewriter poems " are only tangential to the genre, since they  serve  as illustrations to the accompanying verses.   
" It does very well, it seems, though I am not versed in things nautical, " she said, nodding her head with grave approval at my steering contrivance. " But it will  serve  only when we are sailing by the wind, " I explained.   
This is answered , in choruses 7 and 8 , by Armstrong's comparatively angular and frenetic solo . A more extended repetition of chorus 3  serves  as coda ; the equilibrium here achieved between the close homophony of the ensemble and Dodds's winging clarinet solo is truly consummatory .   
On the other hand, four years does seem a bit too restrictive, too protective of management. A two-year requirement would probably  serve  the same purpose just as well.   
You felt a terrible burden as if something inanimate might speak or something motionless might get up and move . You got over a conglomeration of briars and bushes that had  served  as a fence to the next field .   
Indian craftsmen throughout the years have indicated the importance of the eye of the design in a number of ways sometimes by leaving it unwrapped , sometimes by using black yarn to represent the pupil , or by attaching a mirror to enable the Eye of God to see better . The yarn and wood figure , then , symbolizes contact with the unknown , and  serves  as a means of communication between man and the god or goddess it was woven to represent .   
For example, by picturing humans as made in the image of the Creator, Judaism instructed human beings that they have an obligation to imitate the One in whose image they are made: to be creative, to be responsible for changing history by following out the clues written into creation by its intelligent Creator; to be alert to the intelligibility embodied by the Creator within all things; to see all things -- if I may use a Christian phrase for a perception held in common -- as a gift of grace; and to attend both to the responsible individual and to corporate, communal institutions and free associations. Since these intellectual foundations are now the inheritance of all of us, this handbook will be invaluable for teachers of business ethics today, of whatever religious or humanistic framework, for it  serves  as an intelligent guide to the longest sustained (and concrete) tradition of thinking about commercial activities in the Western world.   
The plant makes the vast majority of AMC's Jeep sport utility vehicles, which have been selling at a record pace while the company's car sales have lagged. "We are very happy the issues were resolved without a strike and we hope that the discussions will  serve  as a basis for establishing an improved labor relations climate at the Toledo Jeep plant," the company said in a prepared statement.   
Liveright's gossip in itself had no importance . It had  served  as the trigger , that was all .   
Ordinarily he wore an old coat , a shabby waistcoat , the ugly , black , crumpled ill-tied cravat of a student , trousers to match , and resoled boots . Between these two persons and the others , Vautrin , who was forty years old , with dyed whiskers ,  served  as a transition .   
It was several years before it was demonstrated that Mayan and Chinese have no more connection than have Hindustani and Brooklyn English. Some long-forgotten Chinese mandarin would certainly not  serve  as the progenitor of Sandia man.   
Almost 17 years after his death, and 21 years after he was pushed from power, Sukarno can still draw a crowd. Some people worship his memory; others let their admiration for him  serve  as an indirect -- and politically safe -- expression of their dissatisfaction with the long-ruling regime of President Suharto.   
On their last visit to the Massachusetts they observed that " little good could be done there , " for Weston's men were " giving as much for a quart of corn as we used to do for a beaver's skin . " The Pilgrims had a way of representing the Indians as subtle and dangerous whenever it  served  their purpose , according to a later rival in the beaver trade .   
The U.S. is the leader of the alliance and the Europeans' security is still dependent upon that alliance. But much damage already has been done, and to this extent Soviet purposes already have been  served .   
And as long as there are livestock to manage , and people who love to ride horses , the saddler will remain a valuable servant and friend . From the primitive semiwild cattle or aurochs of the Neoliths to the sleek beef and dairy breeds of today , cattle have  served  man as food animals and beasts of burden for more than 5,000 years .   
Chevron spokesman Larry Shushan says, "This is a sensitive subject because people tend to think of corporate aircraft as only executive aircraft, and that isn't the case." Mr. Shushan notes that Chevron's total, which he put at 45, includes 27 helicopters, with most  serving  as "workhorse" aircraft getting employees out to far-flung oil rigs.   
Big-game guide Charley Seales and his client sat quietly in the gathering grayness of dusk, looking from behind the gnarled mass of tree roots that had  served  as their hiding place and rifle rest.   
Tiomkin's scoring does not merely underline each episode , it participates in the action . As director Talankin intended , the music becomes the focal point for the action ,  serving  both as inner monologue and dramatic confession .   
Now he stood one foot in 4, the other on an open window sill. Somebody put deck chairs against the rail to  serve  as steps.   
If the antiquity and persistence of a belief were evidence of its validity, few things would be better attested than the existence of witches. Human hands certainly differ greatly, certainly can be expressive; and it may well be that they could  serve  as an index to personality.   
In announcing the distribution, for instance, Allegis said it had been considering the move for two months. Analysts wonder why, then, the company ever bothered with the Boeing pact, which now could prove to be extremely expensive for Allegis -- especially since the pact only  served  as the company's main takeover defense for a period of about two weeks.   
But Negroes cannot be lumped into any single cultural category : the only defining characteristic , as we use the term in the United States , is evidence of some share of colored ancestry , usually showing in terms of skin color , hair form , or perhaps facial features . Such traits hardly define a way of life ; but they can be and are used as caste marks ,  serving  as identification to the dominant group in enforcing limitations on activity .   
That's to wrap around the cat . The towel  serves  two purposes : it protects you and it comforts the cat .   
The system aimed to enable students to come to counselor conferences ready to work at a higher level of decision-making. Also, the system could  serve  as a comprehensive, up-to-date educational and occupational information library.   
I tracked her through the apartment as she touched things, straightening them, moving curtains to properly cover windows, putting a forgotten dish into the dishwasher. She was like a cat scratching at a corner to familiarize herself with it to make sure it would  serve  as home.   
Act II : Osmin renews his attempts , as clumsy as they are vain , to win Blonde's favor ; the Pasha makes equally vain attempts , not without threats , to win Constanze's ; Pedrillo informs Blonde of Belmonte's arrival , and renders Osmin harmless by plying him with wine ; Belmonte appears and joins in a quartet at first a double duet in which the plan of escape is agreed upon ; the men doubt the women's constancy ; reaction of the women ; reconciliation and hymn to love . Act III : Heroic aria of Belmonte ; serenade of Pedrillo , which  serves  as a signal that all is ready ; flight and discovery .   
He had run an antic course of protest and persuasion : latterly he had behaved like any harassed stage-husband , stalking the boards in some grotesque mask of cuckoldry , while the lovers peeped from the wings and winked at the huge audience . Nothing he had done , he realized now , had  served  any useful purpose : no words , no appeals , no protests could ever have had an ounce of weight .   
The system , described by Edgar A. Bolten of Jacquard as a " 12-foot flow-through system , " has a rated capacity of producing 350 five-line 45 . embossed cards per hour compared to 55-60 cards per hour by manual embossing . With the system , one card  serves  as ID badge and inquiry card .   
Goldman, Sachs & Co. retained the third-place position it held at the end of the third quarter. The firm  served  as lead manager on 113 issues totaling $11.74 billion, for an 8.2% market share.   
A site will be selected later this month. And the Hall of Fame awards  serve  as a reminder that rock didn't begin with the Beatles, or even Mr. Presley.   
Scooting deftly between the pines , an adult swallowtail carries a green snake it swooped up from the undergrowth and killed with a bite . The bird's tail  serves  both as brake and rudder , scissoring or twisting to permit abrupt shifts in speed and direction .   
The jewelry company said it will report a gain of about $2 million on the sale in the fiscal first quarter of 1988. Designcraft said the building will  serve  its purposes better if the company doesn't own it.   
It has a tendency to move about. The tears themselves  serve  as a secondary lens, and in an eye with irregularities, there will be places where the tear layer is thin and others where it is thick.   
The U.S. and Puerto Rico agreed to give Caribbean countries increased access to low-cost U.S. capital invested in Puerto Rico if they exchange tax information with Washington. The pact, signed yesterday, is designed to persuade some Caribbean countries to stop  serving  as havens for individuals and companies seeking to avoid U.S. taxes.   
"Break-Throughs" tells tales of discovery, authentic accounts of recent product innovations. As the authors declare, "This is a book of similar human stories that  serve , in a shrinking world, as the adventures of our time -- the intellectual and financial expeditions into the unknown that must precede every commercial breakthrough."   
This episode helped to harden party lines in America, identifying the Republican party with support of the French Revolution, while the Federalists leaned towards its enemy, England. Jefferson, though personally the kindliest of men, was almost pleased with the execution of Louis XVI because he thought it would  serve  as an awful warning to Federalists who wanted a king in America.   
Can anyone doubt that many disaffected and discouraged survivors are updating their resumes, ready to jump at the first attractive opportunity that beckons? Your story could  serve  as a checklist for employers and consultants to use in evaluating the negative feelings and impressions of these survivors.   
As the conquered lands came under the domination of the Greeks , thousands of cattle were added to the Greek herds . Cattle were all-purpose animals to the Greeks ,  serving  as food , for labor and as objects of religious worship .   
The heart of the new Isfahan was the great square , the Maidane-Shah , which Thomas Herbert described as " without doubt as spacious , as pleasant and aromatic a market as any in the universe . " A huge rectangle , almost a third of a mile in length , the Maidan  served  not only as a market but as a polo ground or an arena for wild-beast shows and archery contests .   
But many other survey researchers are distressed: They say misrepresentations and misuses of polling are corrupting their profession, sullying its image and making people leery of surveys. Professional pollsters say proper surveys  serve  a vital social purpose, gauging public concern on issues and measuring consumer trends.   
These Western complaints are a strangely abstract exercise. Turkey is a member of NATO,  serving  as the critically important, eastern-most overland link between Europe and the Persian Gulf.   
He says the government had "taken back control of its agenda" which, while topped by free trade, included such other potential vote getters as tax cuts and a child-care program for working parents. Mr. Mulroney says a U.S.-Canadian accord could  serve  as a model for the rest of the world.   
They were red on one side , blue on the other . The red side was exposed when German aircraft were overhead ; the blue  served  as camouflage if the paratroopers were adrift on the water .   
There has been much disagreement among the members on the purpose and on how to run Fifty Books . I don't know why fifty was chosen as an adequate number , but it  serves  the purpose very well .   
It was obvious that Georgian and classical and medieval architectures were not the right forms for industry. But whether they could still be warped to  serve  was the question that perplexed many architects.   
An agency spokesman, Al Heier, said it granted the exceptions because these crops are grown by few farmers in small areas that can be closely monitored. Dinoseb is a herbicide that also  serves  as a fungicide and an insecticide.   
Materials : Don't spend too much time making this favor . The dress really  serves  as a wrapper for the gift .   
Basketball was the only game other than baseball that my father would let me play . It was the big winter sport around Waterbury , so it  served  as a good outlet while I was waiting for the baseball season to roll around .   
The instructor can in this way plan his future instruction sessions and stress those skills and strokes in which the class is most deficient. This will  serve  as an expedient method of teaching most effectively in the stroke and technique area most needed by the entire class.   
The unit of trading for the Merc contract is 100 times the index value. The contract is designed to  serve  as a hedging tool for certain companies whose business is affected by foreign-exchange fluctuations, especially multinational corporations, the CFTC said.   
Provides controlled landing on the lunar surface . Supports and  serves  as a launching platform for the ascent stage .   
She is an adventuress, who has fooled the fessi of the Democrazia Cristiana and disappeared with your money... You needn't worry. She'll never be seen again... but she can  serve  as a lesson to us all.   
Fernando de Azevedo ( b. 1894 ) is the author of a large and impressive work , A Cultura Brasileira ( 1944 ) , which has been translated into English as Brazilian Culture : An Introduction to the Study of Culture in Brazil ( 1950 ) . The first part , dealing with the social and political evolution and the psychology of the Brazilian people ,  serves  as background for a discussion of art , literature , science , education , and religion .   
It worried me and I hated it. On the other hand, perhaps Mrs Hatfield would  serve  as a useful catalyst; the nasty people would rally to her side and the nice people would have the cafes to themselves.   
Condoms are a long way from perfect protection against AIDS transmission, but they are much better than nothing. They act both as a barrier against the virus itself and as protection from other sexually transmitted diseases, whose lesions may  serve  as entryways for the virus.   
Civilized man has built a system of entrapment wherein he continually strives for more and cannot refuse a challenge , however meaningless . Escalation is not an evil in itself if it  serves  a survival , safety , aesthetic , or humanitarian purpose .   
Saudi Arabia has fewer people than several other OPEC members, notably Iran, and a huge amount of oil. OPEC has survived at all only because Saudi Arabia has  served  as a swing producer, cutting output occasionally to keep prices up.   
Strange and beautiful and terrible empires rose and fell, and passed on their knowledge to their successors. Earth was not forgotten, but another visit would  serve  little purpose.   
The U. A. W. reached a settlement with General Motors only after a sixty-seven-day strike that cost the union treasury more than $157 million; in fact, the union had to borrow $30 million from G. M. itself during the strike. Woodcock claims that the U. A. W. settlements were anti-inflationary, and that they could  serve  as a model for the rest of industry.   
Allowed to cross the Mexican border , Juan Jose Arevalo appeared briefly in Guatemala City on March 31 . This , in turn ,  served  as the pretext for compelling Ydigoras to give up his office , a maneuver directed by Colonel Enrique Peralta Azurdia , Minister of Defense .   
The body of water became an " oxidation pond, " which makes use of animal life, algae and beneficial bacteria to reduce the troublesome nutrients, viruses and harmful bacteria in sewage water. Such ponds  serve  in place of sewage-treatment plants for many small communities.   
Suffice it to say that the program causes the computer to calculate a pupil's grade-point average (GPA), look up his high school scholastic aptitude scores, and then select expectancies from prediction tables based on local norms. Expectancies then  serve  as rules for calculating the goodness of the pupil course choices and for determining which messages will be conveyed to him from the counselor's repertoire of statements.   
They have worked all their lives to do this, and they want to do it right." Mr. Terra might  serve  as the archetype.   
Imagine for a moment that you are living in the year 10,000 B. C. Your home is a dank cave etched into the side of a rocky cliff . Your possessions are limited to a rough stone axe , a sharp bone which  serves  as a cutting tool , and maybe some flint stones for starting fires .   
Most cells contain a spherical body called the nucleus which often lies near the center of the unit. The cells of different parts of the body have a different appearance because they have become modified or specialized to  serve  different functions.   
Built in Florida and tested in the offshore waters of that state, the Deep Diver has been described as the first truly operational work submersible. Not only capable of transporting divers, tools, and equipment to and from an undersea work site, Deep Diver can also remain at the underwater location to  serve  as a rest shelter for the sea-bottom workers.   
The Countess Zerkowski said : " Yes . It has  served  its purpose since I am here alive ... . " Sir Stafford Nye said nothing .   
But in cultured man , reproduction seems to be an incidental or even accidental consequence of sex . Food behavior , similarly , can generally be studied in terms of nutrition , and food still  serves  man for nutrition just as sex still serves for reproduction .   
These problems could be solved . What purpose would be  served  in humiliating an already defeated Arab people by revealing the plans its leader may have had for destroying civilians ?   
This is the main building of the Library of Congress , which , with 14 million books among its collection of 55 million items , is the largest library in the world . Intended principally for the use of Congressmen , the Library also  serves  as the national library of the United States .   
Wet suits made of cellular foam neopreme rubber and designed to fit snuggly over the whole body are superior and preferred to the old dry suit model . A small amount of water enters the wet suit , is quickly warmed by the diver's body , and then  serves  as insulation between his body and the surrounding water .   
Its tea is used as a tonic. Devotees boast that it can  serve  as a facial steam to improve the skin.   
It can mean the universe, supreme wisdom, the highest achievement, everlasting peace, ultimate fulfillment, or reality. Because there is no single translation, it can be applied to  serve  different purposes and meanings, such as in prayer and meditation as God.   
Robert Lindner (as quoted in the Kronhausens' book) has stated this position well: " As a psychoanalyst who has had more than a decade of experience with the emotionally disturbed, and especially with delinquents, I am convinced of the absurdity of the idea that any form of reading matter, including so-called comics and " other objectionable books, " can either provoke delinquent or criminal behavior or instruct toward such ends... I am convinced that were all so-called objectionable books and like material to disappear from the face of the earth tomorrow this would in no way affect the statistics of crime, delinquency, amoral and anti-social behavior, or personal illness and distress. " It seems to me that reading, instead of leading to anti-social behavior, is more likely to  serve  as a harmless release for impulses that otherwise might provoke such behavior.   
That such technology conceptually provides an alternative to newspaper classified advertising makes the newspaper industry a foe of unleashing the Baby Bells. In this opposition, there is one valid concern that will bear watching and perhaps some special provisions: whether the Baby Bells, which still have a monopoly on local telephone service, can fairly  serve  as common carriers for competitors of their own information-service offerings.   
Ernest I. Reveal III, a Minneapolis-based lawyer who represents Indian government interest in the Bhopal case, said he was "disappointed" by the court's ruling on the evidence matter. But he said it won't likely  serve  as a bar to pursuit of the case in India.   
For as long as anyone can remember , Marseille has been the heart of the international flow of heroin . A venerable city situated on the Mediterranean , it  serves  as a junction of sea lanes which crisscross from Asia , the Near East , Africa , South America , the United States and Canada .   
If the U.S. does abrogate the pact, it would probably implement stiff dumping penalties that Japanese producers want to avoid. But perhaps more important, Japanese chip-company executives said that reducing output may also  serve  a different purpose: to revive sagging sales and orders of commodity chip products so Japanese manufacturers can avoid plant closures and layoffs.   
The new season, for art, has just begun, and it is too early to tell what effect the improvement in the stock market will have on prints. A Parke-Bernet auction of valuable prints on November 4 and 5 should  serve  as a bellwether.   
I realize, of course, that motherhood consists of much more. Still, it's hard to wake up each morning to the same routine: changing diapers, preparing a breakfast that ultimately  serves  as decoration for the floor and walls, reading "Green Eggs and Ham" for the millionth time, keeping controlled and patient during a 45-minute temper tantrum.   
One of her topmasts was erected as a flagpole on the rocky knoll behind the house . As for her figurehead , Alice Williams was repainted and fixed immovably to the red rock above South Haven , and to this day she  serves  as an anchor mark to incoming boats .   
The trait of hairlessness , for instance : we have more body hair than any other human type , which would make us backward in comparison with the more hairless melanoderms and xanthoderms . The lips form another human peculiarity , the inside lining of the mouth coming outside ( Morris thinks this  serves  as a sexual signal ) .   
The Ku Klux Klan met in Fantastic Caverns near Springfield, Mo., and later a weekly country-jamboree radio show was broadcast from there. Caves have also  served  as mushroom farms, prisons, whiskey dens and houses of ill repute, says Gary Soule, a cave historian.   
" The money from the house and the insurance and " " We've gone through all this a thousand times and it  serves  no purpose now .   
In February, Mr. KcKean was criticized in a General Accounting Office report for improperly using Postal Service funds to pay his lawyer when he testified at the 1984 confirmation hearings for Attorney General Edwin Meese. The GAO concluded that Mr. McKean's testimony didn't  serve  any official purpose for the agency and recommended that he repay the agency.   
But there is a debit side to the ledger , too . The hijackings  served  as a warning to the Western nations that they had better take stronger steps to safeguard their airplanes .   
Next he got the steel trap and removed the wire from the stake to which it had been attached, then secured it to the big slab, grunting as he tilted it on edge. The rock weighed fifty pounds or more and would  serve  adequately as a drag.   
"They would make a great Denny's restaurant or even a kindergarten," he says. In fact, one mail-ordered log cabin already  serves  as a coffee house in Mito, a city 60 miles east of Tokyo.   
" I'll do my best , " returned the Saw-Horse cheerfully . Tip grasped the end of the branch that  served  as tail to the Saw-Horse , and called loudly : " Get-up ! "   
With 7,200 employees, hundreds of research projects and an annual budget exceeding $900 million, the consortium, Bell Communications Research Inc., is among the nation's largest research and engineering joint ventures. Known as Bellcore, it  serves  as the seven Baby Bells' version of American Telephone & Telegraph Co.'s highly respected Bell Laboratories research concern.   
Protestants might build in the Georgian mode , indeed he believed they should , and even designed Georgian meeting houses for Unitarians , such as the Second Church in Boston . But any service in which the Communion  served  as a major demonstration of theological beliefs should be held in a Gothic building .   
Even a minimal one-piece moon-lander , far less sophisticated than the end product , would have required a high-thrust engine and a heavy load of propellant to effect a departure from the moon , and the taxi's overall weight would have become prohibitive . But , designers reasoned , since the Lunar Module was to be only a one-time spacecraft anyway , why bring back to orbit all the dead weight that no longer  served  a useful purpose ?   
It proves , in short , that even the most monstrous of human beings is capable of some kind of tenderness , and the fact that its juxtaposition to callous brutality in this particular case offends us so deeply , and makes the brutality even more horrific , must not blind us to this fact . It  serves  as a constant reminder that the human animal , when not warped by what must paradoxically be called the savageries of civilization , is fundamentally endowed with a great potential for tenderness and intimacy .   
He has a strange yearning for the sea now. When we are shut up indoors by the rain, the rug and armchair  serve  as ocean and harbor.   
A handful have been used to collect some preliminary data and have now undergone field trials. The systems range in scope from relatively simple retrieval devices which will  serve  as additional tools for the counselor to comprehensive man-machine systems designed to alter drastically the institutions in which they will be placed.   
The Osinski family's apartment has a small kitchen, a small bathroom and a room measuring about 12 feet by 15 feet that  serves  as the bedroom, living room and dining room.   
" Half an hour . " He motioned to them to sit down on a flattened log that  served  as a bench and looking at Joaquin , jerked his thumb down the trail in the direction they had come from .   
In the late 1950s, for example, General Motors Corp.'s Cadillac featured exaggerated tail fins meant to deliver a powerful impression of aerodynamic sleekness. But the fins, advertised as providing "stability at speed,"  served  no real purpose.   
If the movement spreads and grows to a point where it becomes a matter of common knowledge , then , even for the non-enthusiasts , it will exist as a constant reminder that something is wrong with the way in which we are using or , rather , not using our bodies . If it does no more than make us aware of this , it will be  serving  its purpose .   
It may interest the Prestone people to know that not all the antifreeze they ship to Alaska goes into light plant radiators. The permafrost (permanent year-around frozen condition of the soil) of the north, for all its irritation to builders and plumbers, does  serve  a useful purpose, too.   
America has largely solved its problem of getting basic food and shelter. Our young people are now discovering that the old masculine ideal doesn't  serve  any purpose.   
He stuck his head inside and crawled in up to the hump on his body . But this hump again  served  as a brake .   
The element burns without polluting the air at all, and pound for pound, it is a far richer source of energy than gasoline. Extracted from water by nuclear generators safely at sea, and carried to consumers in conventional gas lines, it can  serve  virtually every purpose that other fuels do, with little conversion of existing engines and burners.   
Dow is also working hard to protect the Tittabawassee River , which flows lazily through the middle of the company's property . Over the years the river has been of great importance to Midland ,  serving  as a heat sink and carrier of discarded wastes .   
We continued past the kennel to a low outbuilding . Half of it  served  as an open-fronted garage .   
In their wake followed the infinitely adaptable British coaches , often settling for life in the countries they had chosen , or which had chosen them . And in no time at all , these countries were molding the game in their own special images ; no sport has ever  served  as such an accurate paradigm of national character .   
They raised the same objection before the highly successful volunteer scheme for handling oversales was introduced in 1978, and it is now clear that the concern was without foundation. Indeed, the history of the system of handling oversold airline flights  serves  as a good guide to how a system for transferring tickets could work, if it depended on incentives and voluntary passenger compliance.   
Amadeo Wolfgango Mozart ( K. 107 ) . These works  served  Mozart as exercises in the concerto form , with Johann Christian's melodies as material .   
For me , Poverty Point stands large in the story of ancient North America in a way that belies its culture's relatively limited geographical range the lower Mississippi Valley . For the site appears to have  served  as a depot of ideas that linked Middle America with eastern North America .   
The effect is clear in this line of a poem composed in iambic pentameter : " The gaiety of language is our seigneur " . The abstract metrical pattern , which here  serves  as a foil for the speech cadence , is absent from a poem in sprung rhythm .   
The blood of the mother and baby do not mix . The placenta  serves  as a fairly perfect barrier between the two blood streams , and only tiny amounts of the baby's blood ever escape into the mother's circulatory system .   
A cold blast of wind came in from the sea , and Horace Sutter turned up his coat collar and headed for home . He lived alone , in a two-room apartment that  served  as his law office as well as his living quarters .   
Most of the women wore tiny aprons. t Make a study of the evolution of dress. How many different purposes does clothing  serve ?   
This is sheer sophistry. The fact that Japanese reactionaries have not yet dispatched their troops abroad cannot  serve  as proof of non-revival of Japanese militarism.   
We all live in tents, one class to a tent; after several months in use, the tents still exude a rancid odor of tar and grease melting under the broiling August sun. The tent has raised wooden platforms with an earthen path between them. The platforms  serve  as our sleeping quarters; that is, each of us is given a straw mat to put on the platform, and that becomes his bed.   
From the orchard bounds a deer , evicted from his usual daytime bed in the willow thickets . Everywhere are rabbits , calmly accepting quarters on our hill , which  serves  , in Noah's absence , for an ark .   
The root and its branches prevent the plant from being blown over by the wind. Some plants, such as the sweet potato and beet plants, have roots which  serve  still another purpose.   
That was bad enough , Frank and Bill thought . But the crowning indignity was a little flap , like the tongue of a shoe sewed on sideways , that  served  as a fly at the front of the trousers .   
It is an isolated note that does not appear to be attached to the chorus ; on the contrary , it seems quite independent of what follows . It shows up at the beginning of some solos ,  serving  no apparent melodic purpose , as if the musician had just wanted to check the pitch or tone of his instrument .   
We were surveying the completed sealskin roof. " It is clumsy, but it will  serve  the purpose, and that is the main thing, " I went on, yearning for her praise.   
We want the United States to back up our defense, but we don't want an American " presence ". But we feel that the U.S. must follow through with its new resolve not to  serve  as the continuing " policeman " for the world.   
Mr. Regan told the audience of 100 Colorado business leaders that he disagreed with some of the Tower Commission's conclusions about how the Iran-Contra affair was handled by the White House, but didn't elaborate. He said he spent more than 14 hours testifying on the controversy and concluded that the Tower report "does  serve  as the benchmark and starting point for other investigations."   
At that point , symptoms of anemia may already be visible . Heme and its precursors are widely distributed throughout the body ,  serving  in such vital functions as activation of enzymes that control cell respiration .   
They were immediately arrested and executed within four days , and many of their supporters suffered the same fate . If it  served  no other purpose , their ingenuous action , and that of others like them , was a personal sacrifice of vicarious atonement for the callousness and brutality of many of their fellow countrymen .   
Picasso's villa at Mougins, France a village near Cannes where he has lived for the past ten years is especially suited to this life-style. Most of the rooms are not so much furnished as rigged to  serve  as make-shift studios.   
"I'm a believer," he says. His only concern, he says, is that an AIDS hospital "could  serve  as an even greater magnet to San Francisco."   
New swarms are then built up from individuals that stayed behind in the homeland . The mass suicide clearly  serves  as a final limit to population growth .   
Do all parts of your skin receive the same sensations? Which parts  serve  you best as organs of the sense of touch?   
" There must be six at least. Wood will  serve  well enough for the others.   
He stumbled blindly along the passage leading to his quarters . Before he could close the door of the little cubicle that  served  as a cabin , the squadron leader's big shoulders blocked the opening .   
Nephews and nieces drop in for a meal or an overnight visit , with their pals , their banter , and their plans . The older generation often  serves  as a home base for the rest of the family .   
The Supreme Court has given little meaning to the Ninth Amendment. But Sen. Humphrey tried, without success, to get assurances that Judge Kennedy shares conservatives' view that the amendment wasn't intended to  serve  as a vehicle for recognizing new rights. Some liberals say it can serve that purpose.   
Hazme con los ojos senas que en algunas ocasiones los ojos sirven de lengua. Make signs with your eyes Because sometimes Eyes  serve  as a tongue.   
They were enormous concrete structures looking like six-story buildings lying on their sides. Two of them were built to be towed across the Channel and sunk opposite the invasion beaches, where they were to  serve  as sheltered docks in which ships could unload in any kind of weather.   
Such a criterion referenced measurement base, then, is another key component of the information environment which is essential for a system of individualized education. It can  serve  as a diagnostic tool for instructional prescriptions and as the basis for the periodic evaluation of student growth.   
The octopus produces a dark liquid . This inky liquid  serves  as a " smoke screen " and helps the octopus escape its enemies .   
In general , the American posture has been to encourage the Europeans to get together , but they naturally find it easier to agree about what the United States should do than to agree on ways they themselves could pick up a bigger share of the load . Sometimes this has  served  a useful purpose .   
At the very least , we should modify it , perhaps by giving children every year a large number 50 or 60 of authorized absences . Our compulsory school attendance laws once  served  a humane and useful purpose .   
Our strange disregard of children as people appears in other ways. We rarely notice when we see them as resources to  serve  adult purposes.   
Its budget for the fiscal year ended June 30 was $7.4 million, of which almost 80% came from government sources. When reformer Lillian Wald founded the Henry Street Settlement in 1893, financier Jacob Schiff cheerfully wrote the checks that enabled her to aid the needy and buy the red-brick town house that still  serves  as settlement headquarters.   
Descendants of farmers who migrated up the Missouri River in late prehistoric times , the Mandans , like other settled peoples of the central Great Plains , built fortified earth-lodge villages and cultivated maize , squash , and sunflowers . Their settlements  served  as mercantile centers in the trade between whites and nomadic tribes of the plains .   
They live on the land, but not by the land. The woodcock is a living refutation of the theory that the utility of a game bird is to  serve  as a target, or to pose gracefully on a slice of toast.   
Heretofore, all the major commercial reactors built in the U.S. were " light-water reactors, " or LWR'S, with massive steel reactor vessels enclosing tens of thousands of long, thin, Zircaloy tubes full of uranium oxide. These tubes are bathed in ordinary water whose function is to  serve  as a " moderator " to keep the nuclear reaction going, while extracting heat and creating steam.   
In San Francisco and in Des Moines, Iowa, similar homes are in operation. They  serve  as a welcoming base for prisoners just released from prison and not yet quite ready to be on their own in the community.   
" They just assume he slipped. " She didn't mention Doc Grannick's complaint about two missing dredges and damage to his hoist; it was circumstantial, and would  serve  no purpose to be noised about as speculation.   
Phil and his colleagues next studied breathing requirements for a protective gas mask; in four years not only was a mask perfected, but a new device for measuring air speed into the lungs. Reports which went to the Office of Scientific Research and Development still  serve  as basic design criteria for gas mask equipment, also for clinical studies of breathing in asthma and other pulmonary diseases.   
But the brick exterior looks for all the world like a bomb-proof storeroom. The two corrugated metal buildings  serving  nearby Rice University as media center and campus museum bring to mind large toolsheds ordered as knockdown kits from a farmer's catalog.   
Certainly that is what it sounds like to me. It is so ridiculous, number one, that it sounds like to me that it was something that was invented even though it would be denied, it would still  serve  as a propaganda thing.   
The same or different messages may be directed simultaneously to as many output lines as desired. For a stand-alone application, either the core memory of the minicomputer or compatible disc files  serve  as the data base.   
Stop code is programmable to one or two bits. The Unibus bidirectional bus structure of the PDP-11 can  serve  as a multiplexor for adding interfaces.   
Even more serious is the belief that some therapists are playing it safe by refusing to take on patients showing a tendency to violence. Asks Saleem Shah, the chief of the Antisocial and Violent Behavior Branch at the National Institute of Mental Health: "What societal purpose is  served  when the people most in need of treatment are turned away?"   
" Where are you going, monsieur? " asked the coachman, who had already divested himself of his white gloves. " Come, " thought Eugene, " since I am in for all this, it had better  serve  some purpose.   
Even more significantly, they reveal to us the image of an art still in gestation hence, regardless of what people may say about it, still progressing an art which, at the time of Louis Armstrong's Hot Five, was still a long way from having found the equilibrium that characterizes true classicism. Perhaps a parenthetical note might  serve  a good purpose here.   
Stuyvesant wanted to fight the accursed interlopers , but his cannon were rusty , his powder old , and most of his soldiers disenchanted with the idea of fighting . There was a passionate scene in the upper rooms of Kieft's old tavern , which  served  as the city hall , but Stuyvesant could not arouse any enthusiasm for battle .   
It droops slightly to permit it to relax and drain the water from the arm as the arm lifts out of the water . Bending the elbow slightly as the arm is lifted out of the water  serves  the three following essential purposes : First , it releases the tension of the arm flexor muscles and permits them to rest .   
I swore then that whatever the result the new day brought , I would do what I could to abolish this ridiculous and unnecessary anachronism , the Electoral College . For it  serves  no possible purpose except to invite the very kind of insecurity in which we were then embroiled .   
Even if BP doesn't eventually raise its tender offer, the First Boston evaluation could enrich Standard shareholders by lending credence to a group of class-action lawsuits that accuse BP of bidding too little for the company. "The First Boston $85 estimate fell on deaf ears at BP, but it will  serve  as ammunition for the class-action suits already filed," said Sanford Margoshes, an oil-industry analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.   
Primitive and ancient societies drank mainly in groups . Alcohol  served  as a symbol of group identification .   
A steel sphere attached to the top of the station would be used by aquanauts for entering or leaving. Two additional spheres attached to the bottom of the station would  serve  as observation points for studying the undersea environment.   
Both drogue and probe must be removed and stowed before the astronauts can pass from one module to the other . To one side and below the work positions is another hatch , a rectangular opening which  serves  as the doorway to the lunar surface .   
Domestic chickens reached the New World with Columbus and the colonists. The poultry aboard Columbus' ships was supposed to  serve  as food for the seamen, but many chickens escaped and soon populated the West Indies with their descendants.   
Are they in good taste? Do they attempt to clarify and illustrate what the author says, to make a further point, or to  serve  only as eye-catching " come-ons "? 6.   
Grumman, prime contractor for the STARS surveillance system for the Air Force and Army, said Boeing Military Airplane Co. alleges that certain Grumman technical directives represent changes to the requirements of the subcontract between the two companies. Boeing Military, one of two major subcontractors on the program, has an $80.2 million subcontract to modify two Boeing 707-type aircraft, called E-8A's, to  serve  as aerial platforms for the system, Grumman said.   
As it is being applied to the capsule by being injected into fiberglass honeycomb, the gummy phenolic-epoxy ablative material has a consistency somewhat like that of toothpaste. Later, it hardens like plaster, is machine-shaved to the desired thickness, and then given a high polish so that the shiny surface can  serve  as a reflector for tracking radars on earth.   
Les Willis conducted us and displayed a few of his own paintings not many, because, like Pro Harte and others, he sells them almost before the paint is dry. A dealer from Sydney had just been round the bedrooms, sheds and garages that  serve  as studios.   
Behind the barracks are two privies , both four-seaters . The door to the women's privy is missing , but the rank growth of weeds  serves  as a door .   
In addition, the Reagan administration is expected to propose a federal insurance program for catastrophic illnesses. The plan probably will  serve  as a catalyst for congressional action on the subject, and lawmakers will struggle to enact a law that, like the administration's, doesn't cost tax dollars.   
" You said I didn't have to have my tonsils out , and I'm not going to have my tonsils out , " she screamed at the doctor . Before he could get her on the desk which  served  as the operating table , she kicked him in the stomach .   
How can it be possible, you wonder, to ring so many changes on the basic design of a single-storied house with either three or four bedrooms and a sitting room, kitchen and usual offices? The answer, I suppose, is that all human fingers look much alike and  serve  like purposes, yet we are assured that no two are identical.   
Rice takes the place of money . Piled up in the people's store , it  serves  as food for the army stationed in the encampments .   
Draped, it also turns into a bed and, in an affecting scene, it becomes the college green where Seneca (expressively sung by Will Roy) philosophizes to three slack-jawed bikers. More often, the table  serves  as unhappy hideout for that dreary empress Octavia.   
I really wanted to become a comedian . Comedy writing  served  as my apprenticeship .   
Edison's proposal isn't totally new -- deregulation has become the buzzword of the electric industry -- but the utility's size and clout should enhance the idea's impact. "It's definitely going to  serve  as an inspiration for other companies sitting on the sidelines," said Daniel Scotto, a utility analyst for L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin.   
That has apparently angered Wal-Mart, which is spending thousands of dollars to get the law repealed - so far unsuccessfully. "We just don't feel the law  serves  any viable purpose," says Jim von Gremp, Wal-Mart's director of corporate and public affairs.   
Another dream illustrating a connection between hostility and flying is the following : " I am strafed by enemy planes . The enemy is unknown and the war , for me ,  serves  no purpose .   
Some claim that this was the Promised Land sought by Moses , others say it was the site of the Garden of Eden . Forty miles from Beirut , the road to Damascus is cut by a massive stone overpass and gateway , which  serves  as the border control of Lebanon .   
He anticipated , in most respects , developments in America a quarter-century later . His reasoning could have  served  as a model for Soviet planning a hundred and forty years afterward , as also for the Tennessee Valley Authority and current projects for modernization of many backward countries .   
In arranging the disposition of one of the banks, Bank of Iron County, Parowan, Utah, the FDIC used a new technique in which the agency essentially paid the institution that purchased the failed bank to take all of the loans, including the bad ones. This should be less costly for the FDIC than the agency's usual practice of purchasing the bad loans itself, according to FDIC officials who hope the transaction will  serve  as a model for future bank failures.   
White in color, it chooses dark nights to appear before mountain travelers, snatching their lunch baskets from them and muttering sullen threats; it also scares horses, hunts down outlaws, and works all sorts of evil. The Chonchon has the shape of a human head; its ears, which are extremely large,  serve  as wings for its flight on moonless nights.   
To do otherwise will just foster the spread of Communism throughout Latin America . It  serves  no useful purpose certainly not ours to blame the Communists for everything , thus absolving ourselves from any responsibility for the conditions that gave them a foothold in Guatemala .   
It didn't matter much to other countries when Korea contracted in 1980. But in a world in which so many economies are counting on exports to provide what few jobs they still have, why would anyone want to risk toppling the only economy that seems strong enough to be willing and able to  serve  as a net importer?   
How were clans formed in traditional Africa? What purpose did they  serve ?   
American Express's chairman, James D. Robinson III, and other company executives have long expressed frustration at the stock price, analysts said. But a partial sale of Shearson could  serve  other strategic purposes as well: A sale of shares to the public or to another company would pump additional capital into Shearson.   
Would anyone know where I was? It might be best if I could lie here undisturbed long enough to grow a beard that might  serve  as a disguise.   
Agreement even on relatively trivial matters, such as common safety standards for forklifts or children's toys, takes years. So many tedious Council of Ministers meetings end without real progress on major issues that reporters joke that there is one opening line that  serves  for 90% of their stories.   
" This very short notice seemed intended to surprise us , " he observed . At noon on January 11 , 1774 , Franklin walked to the Cockpit , a section of Whitehall Palace which had actually  served  as an arena for fighting cocks in the days of Henry VIII .   
" It's important to stress that these are recommended , not essential , subjects . In a sense , mastery of these courses at high school , higher technical school , armed-forces school , or college levels  serves  as your insurance for a career in field engineering .   
This was enough to put a real dent in the holiday cheer. But it did  serve  as a reminder that most of the Iran-scandal talk around here about negotiating for hostages is egregiously shallow.   
This may be a danger signal of overwork or an indication of the presence of an infection . The weight chart , therefore ,  serves  as a guide for the coach in prescribing the amount of work for each individual swimmer .   
You each sat on a bundle of newspapers . They  served  as cushions of a kind .   
" Fuchs stuffed the tennis ball into his overcoat pocket . It had  served  its purpose .   
For more than a decade, the Soviets steadily have expanded their conventional forces in the Far East, developed an overseas military presence in Vietnam and North Korea, and upgraded significantly their nuclear arsenal with SS-20 intermediate-range missiles, backfire bombers and ballistic-missile submarines. In the event of a global conflict, Moscow's current military strategy would  serve  two purposes: first, the effective immobilization of America's Pacific forces; second, guaranteed access to the open oceans for the enormous Soviet Pacific fleet.   
One set was fixed in the base of a table lamp. Another maker displayed a window shade within which flexible wires had been woven to  serve  as an antenna to " intercept " radio signals.   
" Another reports , " The Guards even showed us two kinds of cartridges one live , one blank and told us how to tell the difference by weight so that nobody could mistake one for the other . " A major attraction was the football field at a high school adjacent to the university , which now  served  as a landing strip for the Guards' helicopters .   
In fact, Kim Dae Jung believes the government is talking openly about the prospects of confrontation with protesters in order to create a climate of fear in the country. Such fear could  serve  two purposes: provide a pretext for a military crackdown or, short of that, encourage Koreans to vote for the ruling party candidate as a step toward stability.   
Disney declined to give the cost of the new entertainment area. Michael D. Eisner, Disney's chairman and chief executive officer, said Typhoon Lagoon will also  serve  as the setting for a planned Disney movie of the same name and as an additional backlot shooting location for the Disney/MGM Studio already under construction.   
In the case of some of these instruments for example , the Persian kemangeh the bow was not passed over the strings , but just pressed against them , while the notes were produced by moving the instrument . In other cases , a skin-covered drum  served  as the body of the instrument : the Persian rebab , for example , had a single string made of hair , and a peg .   
Among export-led electricals, Sony, which rose 170 to 5,090 Tuesday, fell 40 to 5,050. The issue has  served  as a key sentiment indicator for the market since the October crash, but rumors Wednesday held that a large Japanese brokerage house is switching its emphasis to the steel and heavy industrial sectors on feelings Sony had temporarily peaked.   
How does he go about letting the rest of the world know about it? Perhaps a recount of how I got my start will  serve  as an example to others who would like to travel the same path.   
A stern or serious appearance would be appropriate at the scene of an automobile accident , but inappropriate at a Christmas party . The blind individual should practice different facial expressions while the sighted instructor  serves  as his mirror , giving him accurate feedback until the blind person is able to produce different facial expressions accurately .   
In earlier years, some were simply decorative, such as the crude but beautiful plaster plaques of children's handprints, and paper trophy ribbons that bore such flattering legends as " Best Daddy of the Year. " But there were useful gifts as well shoe rags decorated with hearts, and painted orange-juice cans to  serve  as pencil holders.   
The droppings show that each grouse roosts, feeds, and loafs for the duration of the storm within the narrow confines of his leafy camouflage, safe from wind, owl, fox, and hunter. The cured oak leaves not only  serve  as cover, but, for some curious reason, are relished as food by the grouse.   
-- Col. North relied on a wide network of acquaintances, contacts and associates inside the FBI for information and assistance. This group included agents who helped guard his home, interviewed him in his White House office, and  served  as a link to a secret brotherhood of "free-lance" U.S. intelligence operatives whom he described to the FBI as "rogue" Central Intelligence Agency agents.   
As farmers irrigate their lands, most of the water will percolate down into the depleted aquifer. This will  serve  as water storage for the town to pump back when needed.   
From 1683 to 1701 there were several major revisions in the document , but from 1701 to 1776 the constitution of Pennsylvania remained unaltered . When the founding fathers met in Philadelphia to draw up a constitution for the United States , the Pennsylvania charter still containing portions of Penn's original work  served  as a model in many respects .   
" The Emperor called his Lord High Chancellor and instructed him how to run the kingdom during his absence . Meanwhile the Scarecrow was taken apart and the painted sack that  served  him for a head was carefully laundered and restuffed with the brains originally given him by the great Wizard .   
If NATO strategists were to start from scratch, they would probably devise a specialized " forward defense " element, backed up by mobile defense using fewer but better armored formations to counterattack any penetrations. U.S. forces, also fewer but better, could then  serve  as a tactical reserve for SACEUR instead of being tied down to the defense of one part and not the most dangerous part of the front.   
Mr. Johnson breathes life into what otherwise would be dusty chronicles of obscure events. In this instance the theme is that the Jews  serve  as a "pilot" for humanity, with their knack for turning "their particular fate into a universal moral."   
Removes the Command Module containing the astronauts from the launch vehicle in case of an emergency on the pad or during the period before the stack reaches sufficient altitude for the Command Module to separate and re-enter on its own .  Serves  as the control center and living quarters for a lunar landing mission .   
Westinghouse Electric Corp. and Mitsubishi Electric Corp. have also played the engineer-exchange game, and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Sony Corp. have announced they are exploring a swap program. So far the companies and engineers are pleased with the results, suggesting their success could  serve  as a precedent for future exchanges of technical people.   
All you have before you is death. Is that what you want? Pain alone can thus  serve  as a warning.   
Japan's No. 2 auto maker is falling victim to the kind of problems that have battered Detroit, the kind that Japanese companies exploited to decimate the U.S. auto industry. In fact, Nissan could  serve  as a textbook example of how to go wrong.   
She was led through the dismal and dirty streets to an unbelievably filthy , crowded tenement house , typical of the time . She found her patient lying on rough planks which  served  as a bed , and there were several children in the room , half-dressed in rags and looking as though they had not eaten in a long while .   
The law the cabinet proposes to implement ahead of schedule allows the government to revoke the licenses of financial institutions from countries without sufficient reciprocal privileges for British concerns, or deny new licenses. The law is meant primarily to help British financial concerns gain access to foreign markets, rather than to  serve  as a weapon in other trade disputes.   
Yet he fears that momentum may be lost, that NATO could lose effectiveness in the years just ahead, unless Europeans -- as well as Americans -- challenge some "cherished assumptions." But there's no certainty they'll do so, and NATO's ability to  serve  as Western Europe's main defense might weaken.   
But , even in those far-off times , going back several decades , I don't believe that even one test team relied solely on the spirit of adventure . Marcel Doret , whose career  serves  as an example , was chief test pilot for the Dewoitine Company before the last war .   
Marco Polo saw with his own eyes how the Mongols were bringing peace and order to the wild lands in the heart of Asia ; how they had linked up distant corners of their empire by a system of swift messengers , and had established a standard currency to encourage trade . The Polos carried golden tablets of safe-conduct from Kublai Khan , which  served  as passports and ensured them the best service at inns and posthouses where fresh horses could be found for the journey .   
This unrelenting drain has depleted the native cutthroat trout , and reduced average fish size by two inches in the last five years . The important aspect is that the cutthroat  serves  as food for the endangered bald eagle , pelican , osprey , grizzly and other wildlife .   
The crowded airline schedule is a problem requiring a large good-faith effort from both private and public parties. For the near term, the FAA will  serve  as a catalyst in this process.   
Troy Gordon in Tulsa World It can exist on the tops of high mountains , buried in deserts and hidden in rain forests . Both constructive and destructive , it  serves  admirably as a menu item and in medical research , while producing havoc in vegetable gardens .   
He has a fleet of buses and trucks that haul workers in and out of the San Joaquin Valley . He operates out of the " slave market , " a big fenced-in lot that  serves  as a hiring hall .   
They said the CIA provided this intermediary with money, and instructed him to spend some of it in Lebanon to prove his wealth to the kidnappers. At the same time, the sources said, the CIA arranged to have a boat off the Lebanese coast to  serve  as the transfer point for the ransom and Mr. Kilburn.   
I could never take Hegel, and since Marxian theory is based on Hegelian dialectic, I was protected from the beginning. I wonder whether large doses of Hegel would  serve  for general immunization.   
As a theory , this model market has been admired for its elegance and great generality . It has  served  as a basic analytic tool for professional economists and perhaps always will ; no other theory can safely go altogether against it .   
General Motors Corp.'s $700 million buyout of H. Ross Perot  served  "a fundamental business purpose" because the auto maker's crucial relationship with Mr. Perot had broken down irreparably, said Roger B. Smith, chairman.   
Some women feel their babies much more strongly than others do , depending on their own body fat and also upon the position of the placenta . If the placenta lies in the front of the mother's uterus ,  serving  as a sort of buffer between the unborn and his mother's abdominal wall , she may feel her baby only slightly throughout her pregnancy .   
Charlemagne built the octagonal palatine chapel , the oldest part of Aachen's venerable cathedral , and was buried there in 814 . The marble wooden-seated throne on which he sat on ceremonial occasions  served  for the coronation of thirty-two German emperors , kings and rulers between 813 and 1531 .   
The public schools teach American citizens to believe that historic progress comes from politicians and social activists claiming new rights and enacting new laws rather than from entrepreneurs launching new products and other breakthroughs. Mr. Lambro's book  serves  as an incisive antidote to this bias in American education.   
Even then , the unashamedly neo-Nazi German Reich Party managed to elect five members to the 1949 Bundestag and its successor had to be banned , that is driven underground , in 1952 . There were , however , two other parties which , between 1949 and 1961 ,  served  as a convenient rallying ground for right-wing groups .   
It was by far the largest army that had ever been mustered in Christian Outremer. The True Cross would  serve  as its standard, as was customary when the whole army of the Kingdom marched to battle.   
Once upon a time, before the Ayatollah Khomeini's revolutionary hordes appeared on the scene, this was a peaceful picnic spot. Nearby stands a dusty, dilapidated 40-room tourist hotel that now  serves  as a barracks for Iraqi soldiers.   
Otherwise these wanderers might steal the rich harvest from the farms. What purpose did the priests  serve ?   
But these run out in time. Your own education, versatility, and ingenuity will  serve  as your best protection.   
The tenant and his family lived in two ground-floor rooms of the house, which left two rooms above and a large, empty loft. Two nuns could have a bedroom to themselves; there was a large room that could be used as a communal sitting room and dining room and the loft would  serve  as a dormitory.   
When the law's forecasts proved erroneous, Congress was left with an unreachable target, they assert. The legacy, they fret, is a deficit goal that  serves  mostly as a rhetorical device that Republicans are using to complain about what they see as the Democrats' lack of resolve on the budget issue.   
Iron, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, calcium, chromium, cobalt, copper, and zinc are known to be essential to life, and vanadium, nickel, and tin are thought to be. Metals, often incorporated into proteins,  serve  as catalysts that initiate or assist in biological reactions.   
Delivery is 60 days ARO . Ampex Corp. , Culver City , Calif. For information : Circle 509 on Reader Card The Execuport 415 cassette recorder connects to this manufacturer's Execuport 300 and  serves  as a storage unit for the portable terminal .   
Occasionally, perhaps in one case out of ten, the buffer servant may drag along an unwanted item, but the fantastic speed makes up for such slight errors. What all this means is that inexpensive core will continue to  serve  as a useful device for some years to come, and will be made and sold in large quantities.   
You were saying goodbye to fields and trees , and even to headlands of fields where a plow never got and where not an ear of barley had chanced to grow . In all these corners there were bits of things , machinery , broken delft , cowhorns that had  served  as funnels , machine oil tins and the rags and remnants that the scarecrows wore .   
Like a sinner reciting an act of contrition, Green throws down upon his own head a handful of ashes. They also  serve  as a veil to conceal his true face.   
But he tacitly rejects it , as he does the Scherzo that Haydn employs in place of the Minuet , or the Scherzando into which he transforms it . Haydn does this most strikingly in the Russian quartets of 1781 works that in so many other characteristics  served  Mozart as models .   
Goodbye . " This in a town founded in 1638 , where the first public building the Puritan settlers had built was a dirt-floored church which also  served  for town meetings !   
" If a man wants his money before payday , the grower gives him an IOU ( scrip ) redeemable at his store . Cooking is done on a small , unvented , open-flame kerosene stove , which  serves  as a heater in the cold weather .   
I am always impressed and puzzled when I stop to think about the discoveries of prehistoric man . He must have explored his environment with great thoroughness , learning which plants could be eaten , which were poisonous , which  served  as drugs or medicines .   
" Yes . When I recall what he once was But that  serves  no purpose !   
Time and again, after resolving to devote myself to the sweet uses of technical philosophy, I would be urged once more to enter the fray, often by the very people who had advised me previously that I ought to turn my back on politics and write books for eternity." This may well  serve  as the apologia pro vita sua of a man who has been one of the most constant and effective controversialists of our time, and who as a result has had to hear such descriptions as "relentless," even by those who agree with him.   
Solving the problems of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. by merging it into the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., as proposed by three former government regulators (editorial page, Feb. 25), would  serve  no useful purpose but could delay legislation to recapitalize the FSLIC.   
This is no place for you , this is a place protected . All right , you can unhook it now , it's  served  its purpose . "   
But most citizen suits are brought under the Clean Water Act because it requires companies to file public reports listing pollutant discharges into public sewerage systems, says Katharine H. Robinson, a lawyer with the New Haven-based Connecticut Fund for the Environment. Records showing discharges above permitted limits  serve  as a legal admission of guilt, lawyers say.   
Until the fifteenth century, beeswax candles were used almost exclusively in churches because of an ancient belief that bees originated in Paradise. When the candles harden, volunteers trim the base with red and green paper frills that  serve  as decoration and protection against the drip of hot wax.   
This minority, having nothing more to lose, could accept its alienation and its isolation for what they were, with a desperate fortitude denied to the members of an ostensibly prosperous society. Yet in so doing this minority could imbue its awareness of dispossession with a universal significance, making its melancholy  serve  as symbol of the alienation of modern, urban man.   
" Didn't ben Sirach sum it up , at least in the general sense ? He did , but the general sense no longer  serves  .   
I don't wish to be blinded . " " Nor I ! " broke in the Saw-Horse ; so a pair of green spectacles was quickly fastened over the bulging knots that  served  it for eyes .   
The new strippable wallpaper can be removed from a room in minutes and can be stripped cleanly even from dry-wall without damage to the walls . It even leaves a thin film of paste on the wall , which  serves  as a good sizing for the next papering job .   
A person who believes that sexual expression can be a means of spiritual as well as physical communication with another human being has the facility to help others to relate various types of sexual expression into a unifying whole within the framework of their religious or ethical convictions. This discussion should  serve  as a useful step in this needed direction.   
Soldiers returned to El Barillo in March with more handouts in their continuing effort to win hearts and minds. The story of El Barillo, which  served  as a guerrilla logistical base from 1981 through 1985, is in many ways the story of contemporary El Salvador.   
Governor Shafer was more blunt; he said, "However improbable, the constitutional fact is that you electors across the nation could upset the will of the American people as expressed last November 5, if you chose to disregard their mandate." The agony of those uncertain moments on election eve  serve  as sharp reminders that we must take positive action to safeguard our country against the specter of an undecided election.   
The revolt has continued with the rush of academic support away from the National Party and to the campaigns of two Stellenbosch-area independent candidates running in the May 6 white parliamentary election. More dissatisfaction with the government will be aired, perhaps this weekend, when a group of about 30 professors, who have  served  as a government think tank, releases a statement described by one of the participants as "dynamite."   
It depends upon the existence of some equilibrating factor. That factor is monetary policy, which  serves  as a moderator to fluctuations in nominal gross national product and together with a rather sluggish adjustment of prices moderates fluctuations in output and employment.   
The Congresses form the legislative body at each stage; they make the decisions and enunciate the laws. Executive Councils, to  serve  as the administrative organs, were elected by the Congresses at each level.   
She includes a couple of memorably poignant letters from Dimitri Mitropoulos, whose initial enthusiasm for American innocence and idealism and subsequent disillusionment ("I am alone, completely alone") parallel the trauma of Mahler in New York. But she cannot be trusted; even if accurate, her unsavory anecdotes and surmises are so thin one is left asking what higher purpose they  serve .   
African singers used this device to make certain parts of their songs more important or to give them emotional intensity . In jazz , vibrato  serves  much the same purpose and also sets up a rhythmic pulsation within the larger rhythm of the piece a beat within a beat .   
Even food habits change . Celebrations that are based on rites or reasons that have no application today would cease unless they  served  a purpose .   
If there really are readers who want this combination of material , which is a publisher's marketing decision , not a reviewer's problem , then this book covers it well . My only reservation would be that the absence of exercises limits its usefulness for the claimed purpose of  serving  as a textbook .   
Along with keeping industrial production going around the clock , the factory maintains agricultural plots for raising pigs and growing vegetables , dormitories for unmarried workers , eating facilities , and an array of anti-aircraft guns discreetly shrouded in canvas . And it  serves  as a center for subtle group dynamics and political action directed toward motivating workers to increase output .   
" And, really, if you examine it critically, the Gump looks very well as a figure-head. These great palm-leaves, for which I have endangered my life seven times, must  serve  us as wings."   
A total of thirty-one pairs of spinal nerves emerge from these regions . The spinal cord  serves  too as a pathway for nerve impulses to and from the brain .   
M. Servan-Schreiber's victory does not for the present alter this plain fact. But it does  serve  as a warning that a lot of people may be growing weary of a government that has lost General de Gaulle's intellectual unorthodoxy and settled into a padded conservatism.   
The health system is also financed by compulsory payroll deductions (although high-income earners may choose a private plan, and about 8% of the people have). Germans receive a booklet of health-insurance tickets that  serve  as vouchers to pay for both routine visits to doctors and dentists and major medical treatment.   
Core of the system is the boy or girl of 18 , drafted for 36 and 24 months of active duty , respectively . During peacetime , this army of draftees  serves  both as a training ground and as a deterrent force .   
And even though aides to Mr. Regan have been sniping fiercely at Mr. Buchanan in the press, suggesting he has "out-Agnewed Agnew," they are unsure how to regain the political initiative. And even as they flail, some admit Mr. Buchanan has  served  a useful purpose by acting as a lightning rod to deflect criticism.   
In the bedroom there were two army cots , on one of which lay Will's sports jacket and his sun glasses . Apparently they had  served  their purpose and Fred did not plan to use them any more .   
The Coonley House of 1908-1910 at Riverside , Illinois , is a good example of the planning and elevations he worked out to express his beliefs that a house should use contemporary forms , should encourage domesticity , should  serve  as a shelter for cultivated activities and should accord with the personal needs of the owner . This complex served also as a school run by the Coonleys .   
The Senate Budget Committee's plan makes similar choices, but hasn't yet passed the Senate. The budget resolution, once it is reconciled between the two chambers, is supposed to  serve  as a guide for budget decisions throughout the year.   
The ultimate objective of the class swimmer is utilitarian , that is , to be able to swim quite a long distance comfortably for pleasure and safety . It also  serves  as a preparation for lifesaving techniques as well as being a " feeder " for varsity competition .   
The driving rhythms and electrifying climaxes pleased audiences enormously . The piece also  served  as a signal to Nela , saying in effect , " No more now .   
This can be gauged from the complete absence of such instruments in contemporary Italian paintings and sculptures . Later on , bowed instruments imported from Germany and France  served  as models to the Italians with the result that their craft of instrument-making took an upward trend , leading to a unique mastery .   
In July 1949 , after the initial success of Dr Erhard's experiment in free-enterprise economics , the party firmly rejected all economic planning and fundamental social reform . The strong and determined leadership of Konrad Adenauer  served  as an effective substitute for a programme .   
Before leaving for Vietnam he had begun hearing testimony about more shootings in the Co Luy area by Task Force Barker that day . The unit in question was Bravo Company , 4th Battalion , 3rd Infantry , which had  served  as a blocking force two miles to the east of My Lai 4 .   
Nomura Babcock is owned jointly by Nomura Securities Co., the giant Tokyo-based securities firm, and Babcock & Brown Inc., the international investment banking firm. The companies said that Eastdil, also based here, will  serve  as Nomura Securities' real estate investment banking arm in the U.S. Babcock & Brown and Nomura Securities representatives also will sit on Eastdil's board and management committee, the companies said.   
Burn it into the drawer of a chest. " He argued that this technique would  serve  as a constant reminder to the consumer that the merchandise was growing older.   
We've been letting the boys saw the bars off the windows. " During my investigation, I searched for communities which had tackled the problem and which might  serve  as models for the rest of the nation.   
Worse, some of the townspeople made use of Burial Hill as a quarry whenever they needed a slab for a doorstep or some similar purpose, carrying off the fallen or broken stones heaped up in a corner of the burial ground. And there were some who did not hesitate to pull down standing stones if these seemed to  serve  their purpose better.   
And then there are more esoteric items. Richard J. Bertero, a trustee of the California Academy of Sciences, recently gave $25,000 to the academy to fund restoration of the stuffed grizzly bear that in 1952  served  as a model for California's current state flag.   
On the positive side, there are now "very few other places to get tax-free cash flow," says Tom Ochsenschlager, a partner in the Washington office of Grant Thornton, an accounting firm. Also, Congress severely restricted the supply of tax-free municipals that don't clearly  serve  a "public purpose."
Meanwhile, the boom hasn't made a dent in the huge pool of adults who aren't counted in the labor force because they aren't even looking for work. "If New York's comeback didn't  serve  as a magnet, under what conceivable circumstances can we see these people coming into the mainstream?" asks Mr. Ehrenhalt of the Bureau of Labor Statistics.   
This was because " Sulphur Island, " as the Japanese called it, was only 760 miles south of Tokyo. It would  serve  as an emergency landing point for the big B-29 bombers flying from Marianas bases to Japan.   
Many have stayed on , and , says the ABA , " There has been a notable improvement in the caliber of justice dispensed . " In fact , the Chicago traffic court now  serves  as a " teaching court " for judges from other districts .   
Desperately he poked his neighbor in the ribs and there began a tussle which caused the bus driver to pull to the side of the road and threaten grave punishment if there was not an end to the goofing around . The set-to had  served  its purpose for Mike , though , and he entered the school building with his nerves and muscles a little less taut .   
A good number of grownups try to bridge the gap between the worlds by translating what children say and in the process changing its meaning entirely. Since what children say is so frequently shocking to respectable adults, these translations  serve  the comforting purpose of transforming the starkly primitive into the blandly innocuous.   
The air supply used is often a mixture of nitrogen and oxygen or helium and oxygen . The rope or " lifeline "  serves  as a communication link , if no telephone is used , and also as a means of hauling the diver to the surface .   
When he lands, I'm going to present him with a typed and bound thesis, Methods of Pollination Used by the Orchids of Flora. My thesis will  serve  two purposes to restore his sanity and to show him who's the boss.   
In 1964 Tri was summoned to Saigon, where Trinh Ba Te, now the leader of the NLF for the area, asked him to develop Go-Yeu as one of the key villages in the struggle against the Americans. Go-Yeu was to  serve  as an entrepot for munitions, foodstuffs, medicines, and clothing arriving in sampans from Cambodia.   
They owed him that. Under the influence of feelings he could not restrain, he produced a document which might  serve  as a model of everything that a diplomatic paper ought not to be.   
Their dispassionate faces, discerned through the black veils, suggest powerful emissaries of fate, silently directing the course of people's lives. In the film, the kurogo  serve  part of their theatrical purpose as well by assisting a character to deal with props or to change a set.   
Mothers model femininity for daughters and sons. Fathers may  serve  as models for sons of what a man can be like, and give daughters some feeling of how to relate to a man.   
The real question about greenmail is this: How do we control waste without doing away with the benefits that an aggressive outsider with constructive plans for a company can bring? We should allow greenmail that  serves  as a management-consulting fee, and that forces entrenched bosses to improve corporate operations.   
The weather on our day of departure seemed a happy omen . It was a blue and windy May morning that  served  as a tonic to everyone's spirits .   
Whether or not Germany could have won the war , she was certain to lose it if the gigantic production of American factories reached England in sufficient quantity . On this proposition the lines were drawn for the epic " Battle of the Atlantic , " in which the U-boats  served  as the vanguards of Germany's defense .   
The pressure of the immense weight of a sixteen-thousand-foot depth of ocean water on such a rift may affect it, too. Wherever a fissure opens, the magma from below can ooze up and find its way into subterranean cracks and chambers that will  serve  as reservoirs.   
I have dared to point out that the rise of ultra-orthodox and right-wing extremists such as Rabbi Kahane and his Jewish Defense League and others may in a large measure be a reaction to the super-liberal activists who have taken over so many of these organizations. Mr. Rothenberg's comments should  serve  as a warning to those who develop these agendas that there is a substantial segment of Jewish citizens who do not agree with their views.   
What is self-fulfillment ? It is that inner glow , that personal gratification , which comes to you when you know that you have done something well and that what you have done has  served  a useful purpose .   
Donna and I had expected the usual Christmas program routine that occurs annually in schools throughout the Christian world , but we hadn't reckoned with the Eskimos' idea of a party . Starving for recreation to alleviate the boredom of a long winter , the Christmas season  serves  as a physical and emotional release .   
GRADED ONLY ON THE QUALITY and quantity of its biomedical breakthroughs, the pharmaceutical industry gets a solid A. Graded on its ability to get these wonders to market, however, the industry merits a weak B. In recent years, industry and university scientists "have made the conceptual and technical breakthroughs (in biotechnology) that will  serve  as the basis for all kinds of new drugs and diagnostics for years to come," says Herbert Weissbach, director of the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, a research organization funded by Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., a major pharmaceutical concern and a unit of Switzerland's F. Hoffmann-LaRoche & Co.   
" A spokesman for the Country Fire Authority said this morning that there is every indication that the fires are man-made . " It is a tragedy , " he said , " that has struck with bewildering speed and no useful purpose can be  served  by minimizing the risks involved .   
In the twenties John L. Lewis , president of the Miners Union , had been the chief enemy of the Communists and had purged them from the industry . This  served  the double purpose of eliminating his opposition in the union , and carrying out his pact with the mine owners to reduce the labor force and introduce machine mining .   
One of the great achievements of the period after World War II was the codification of the rules for international trade in GATT, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. Even though it is honored as much in the breach as in the observance, it still  serves  as the norm.   
The bearish performance of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone shares also chilled trading. NT&T has  served  as a sentiment weather vane for the market lately, portending, according to some observers, whether general share prices can or can't be primed for a rally.   
" Some radio gadget , I suppose ... . Let's go aboard . " They crossed the rough plank that  served  as a gangway , and jumped down onto the deck .   
She was obviously curious about Zalie and me , but she didn't waste time staring . She bowed decorously at us all and retreated to a charcoal brazier in the corner of the room which  served  as a kitchen .   
The discharge of a gun will likewise summon chicks , but with less satisfactory dividends . What  served  as their dinner bell before the day of axes , mauls , and guns ?   
The most realistic is that Mauro De Mauro , for many years a leading figure in the investigations into Mafia big shots and their activities , had stumbled on an unusually " hot " piece of information . His abduction could have  served  three purposes : to find out how much he knew of the dangerous truth , to stop him from publishing it and to find out from whom he had learned it .   
A giant double-woven (reversible) Ojo, or a number of large Ojos alternating side-by-side, make a lovely, inexpensive room divider. Mounted in a bathroom window, a single Ojo may  serve  as a colorful shade, allowing sunlight to filter through the weave and cast patterns on the opposite wall.   
NEW DEVELOPMENTS in data processing and sensor technology are making the satellite an increasingly valuable tool for earthbound prospectors seeking clues to mineral deposits. Early survey satellites  served  commercial geologists mostly as platforms for aerial photography, helping them find faults and fissures in the earth where minerals might occur.   
Although Federal Reserve officials didn't mention the dollar's recent decline against most major currencies and its negative impact on the bond market, many economists believe the Fed recognizes the close correlation between a sinking dollar and falling bond prices. The Fed's "highly visible" tightening " serves  as a counterpunch to the pervasively negative psychology toward the dollar in the foreign exchange markets," said David M. Jones, a senior vice president at Aubrey G. Lanston & Co.   
Betel shops dot India's landscape. They are found in the most remote villages and on almost every block in urban India, where they  serve  as gossip centers, too.   
They chose 100 guinea pigs 15 percent of them high achievers , bound for college ; 60 percent average students ; 25 percent low-achieving potential dropouts . Another 100 , similarly chosen ,  served  as a control group whose work in the regular program would provide a yardstick to measure Allied Health Project achievement .   
A federal appeals court in Philadelphia also upheld the law in 1985, and the mine owners appealed. The Supreme Court said its past rulings suggest that a land-use regulation may result in a taking of property if it  serves  no significant public purpose or if a landowner is denied "economically viable" use of the land.   
Consequently the walls and partitions, wood or otherwise, of any house should contain fire stops on at least the floor lines and the roof to seal off any fire that could otherwise travel upward through them. Many types of commercial insulation, when thick enough to fill up the space completely,  serve  this purpose.   
She slipped through a thick tangle at the edge of the abandoned village and was attracted by the rustling of several rats that were working through a kitchen midden , when a more enticing sound caught her attention . Even before she began her stalk on the rats she swung through one of the thatch-roofed pole huts and leaped easily onto a wooden platform that had once  served  as a bed for an entire Seminole family .   
There are passages here and there from which connoisseurs alone can derive satisfaction; but these passages are written in such a way that the less learned cannot fail to be pleased, though without knowing why... Leopold undoubtedly felt that to be regarded in earnest as a " serious " composer, he lacked the most essential quality: the impulse, the divine spark. He knew that at best he could  serve  as a model only in slight degree; so he sought elsewhere for models.   
He had been gone for days and had forgotten her birthday . She was not angry ; she had joked about the corny words  serving  as theme song for all Geminis , schizophrenics and dedicated scientists .   
The way I figger it, the bull whales were hot after a cow and they forgot to check the tide. " Perhaps this explanation will  serve .   
But worst of all , due to the lack of chloroform and ether , the only known anesthetics , hundreds of wounded men went under the knife with nothing except a few swallows of strong whisky to deaden the pain . Surgeons used sharp penknives for scalpels ; tree bark strips  served  as tourniquets , splinters of soft pine as bullet probes , while fence rails were used for splints and crutches .   
Yet the warmth of the greeting did not reassure Tuomi . If Galkin was  serving  as the bait of a trap , this was how he would behave .   
Nicholas Callaway's "Georgia O'Keeffe: 100 Flowers" (Knopf, 118 pages, $100) is the sort of coffee-table book that, laid down horizontally, might actually  serve  as the top of the table itself.   
In 1969, Taipei literally stank of poverty. A haze of charcoal smoke rose from the buckets that  served  as stoves for women who did their family cooking on the sidewalk.   
At that time, the International Maritime Satellite Organization, or Inmarsat, decided it would be more expeditious to choose the shuttle and the Ariane for its next three launches -- even though the Russian bid was lower. "The U.S. stand in relation to the Soviet Proton rocket, which was suggested as a carrier for Inmarsat's ship-to-shore communications network, can  serve  as a classic example of bias," Stepan Bogodyazh, International Liaison Department chief of Glavkosmos, told a Moscow newspaper.   
Greco is no artist. My copies are not even good copies, but they  serve  their purpose.   
But milk is in short supply almost everywhere, and many African countries must import meat. Goats, sheep, and chickens are found throughout Africa, and  serve  as important meat sources.   
" There is no reason why a man should sleep on a bed that might be made of rocks because he is trying to conceal himself for a day or two. Your mother has given us these quilts, which, placed on the sacks, will  serve  the purpose.   
A spokesman for the National Association of Insurance Commissioners said the group is examining whether limits should be placed on junk bond investments. If it concludes regulation is needed, the group would draft legislation that would  serve  as a model for states to consider.   
The farther we went , the bigger the farms , the farther apart . Rising up out of the snow were large , prosperous houses and barns , many of them flanked by sturdy groves of cottonwoods , straight , symmetrical rows that  served  as windbreaks .   
The ladies of the best French society , in time of trouble , headed straight for the Pentemont . As things turned out , it  served  Rose as a finishing school .   
It's easy to switch career goals if you already have competence in a particular area of work. You'll have a base on which to build and skills that can  serve  as a springboard.   
Synchronized with the attack by what we must remember is "coercive persuasion or brainwashing," was the announcement last February by New York University that it now offers a master's degree in sensitivity training; followed by Redlands University in California with its trumpet blast in May that it, too, starts ST this summer and that it will be mandatory! Here a bona fide quotation quite sensible is made to  serve  as a base for utterly unfounded assertions and a vaguely horrendous innuendo.   
The Conference itself would meet seldom, and only to ratify arrangements already worked out in smaller groups or through diplomatic channels. But it could  serve  as an umbrella for special-purpose conferences among smaller groups of nations on manageable chunks of the European security problem.   
"I can't afford to retire, and even if I could, I'd miss the excitement of my job," says Mildred Tuffield, who at 67 is administrative director of a New York nonprofit firm. Elder managers can  serve  a dual purpose: passing along what they have learned and care about, and providing continuity for the company by reminding youngsters what has come before.   
Not infrequently there occurs in such phrases a note that might be called a resting note . Coming at the end of a period , it  serves  as a sort of calm zone between two agitated phrases .   
For many religious people, a fantasy of a sex act that, if performed in real life, would be against the individual's moral code is ethically unacceptable. On the other hand, there are those who consider that the fantasied act may substitute for the real act and thus  serve  as a harmless avenue of release for more violent and antisocial urges.   
Make a study of the shelters of early man. To what extent did they  serve  the same purposes as shelters do now? 167.   
The island , five miles long and a mile wide , with sandy beaches and pine woods , is one of the Iles d'Hyeres . Its moon-shaped bay , dominated by the 16th-century fort of Sainte-Agathe , has long  served  as a port of refuge . The single village , with 360 inhabitants , most of them fishermen , is built around a huge square which serves as a parade ground for the troops stationed on Porquerolles .   
The body spin teaches the pupil to appreciate the potentials of the arm action in swimming . It  serves  as a lead-up drill in teaching the arm action for the elementary and resting back strokes .   
He then drew a delicate sketch of the Colosseum with trees and shrubs poking out of its crumbling arches. For centuries, the venerable amphitheater had  served  locals as a quarry.   
And on the opposite side of the same wall is what must be one of the most marvelously designed radios ever built, Walter Darwin Teague's "Bluebird Radio" (1937-40). This consists of a great smoky-blue glass disk, almost large enough to  serve  as a dressing mirror, onto which has been laid a beautifully proportioned shiny metal grid punctuated by the rhythmic circles of the dial and tuning knobs.   
If the commission were to find the Merc guilty, it could impose fines and order the Merc to refrain from further violations of this type. A Merc official said that the CFTC action " serves  no useful purpose" and that the exchange is confident the matter will be resolved in its favor.   
Sidney rocks the deck against the polished wood until the cards are perfectly aligned. The gold ring on his little finger seems to  serve  as a device, a neat little fastening by means of which his hand movements are harnessed and made trim.   
He heard the Scarecrow fall to the ground with a mushy sound , and then he himself quickly dismounted and looked at his friend Jack . The wooden body , with its gorgeous clothing , still sat upright upon the horse's back ; but the pumpkin head was gone , and only the sharpened stick that  served  for a neck was visible .   
Hoobin spoke with gloomy satisfaction. "And there be times when only haste will  serve ."   
The male bowerbird , it appears , has functioning testes all during the four or five months that he may spend in building and maintaining the bower . The female , on the other hand , is sexually inactive during much of this time , and the function of the bower is to arouse her , after which it  serves  as a mating station .   
I remember using textured doormats as well as linoleum which I heated in the stove to soften . The stove  served  also as my only source of heat because I lived in a cold-water flat .   
Rather , it is an experiment in group living . When you enter the front door , the first thing you see is an enormous American flag big enough for a skyscraper or a battleship which hangs from the ceiling and  serves  as a room divider .   
Generations of human beings cowered in the gloom of these caves and looked out with apprehension into the brightness of an outside world teeming with fearsome animals . Any natural rocky crevice  served  as a shelter and a protection to our practically defenseless ancestors .   
Two people were trained at a large state-run factory and then instructed others. Bao Gong operates thirteen other simple cooperatives that  serve  as the Maoist equivalents of subcontractors to larger plants.   
The names too are reminiscent of German wine names. They are not much known in Britain, but the following list of vineyards and villages may  serve  as some guide to the student who stumbles upon an opportunity to taste any, either at home or abroad.   
Some of these journals are dull and pedestrian, but others are lit by vivid description and by wry flashes of humor. Many of them  serve  as valuable resources to historians, and a few are of use to the student of literature as well.   
It was over Sir Pitt Crawley's house ; but it did not indicate the worthy baronet's demise . It was a feminine hatchment , and indeed a few years back had  served  as a funeral compliment to Sir Pitt's old mother , the late Dowager Lady Crawley .   
Nuclear deterrence has kept the peace in Europe -- conventional deterrence can't do the same, short of Soviet unilateral disarmament. Nuclear forces that would remain under the agreement are clearly insufficient to  serve  as NATO's nuclear deterrent.   
One of the key objectives of last year's tax reform was to create fairness and neutrality in the tax code, but the new law rewards those with home equity that can be converted into borrowing. Another question is: Has the new tax law  served  the purpose of discouraging borrowing?   
Undersea vehicles would be vitally important to such a mining installation carrying supplies, construction materials, tools, equipment, and men. They would also  serve  as ore carriers or submarine tugs, hauling a series of specially designed barges filled with ore to a land-based extracting plant.   
On the other hand , he promised unlimited support to foreign capitalists who shared his faith in Costa Rica's future and were willing to abide by the nation's rules . In modern Costa Rica the government would eliminate the risks which had  served  as justification for earlier concessions ; it would guarantee law and order and assume responsibility for all the requisite social services .   
Apologies were offered for the ordeal he had suffered. Then Lord Richard Howe asked Franklin to suggest a plan that might  serve  as a basis for negotiations.   
In the videotape presentation that accompanies the photographs, a banker who spent days helping to rescue clients' livestock remembers chicken and dumplings tasted mighty good at the time, but adds "I haven't cared much for them since." In the final picture of the "mule set" Mr. Dameron shows a mass of mules, interspersed with a few horses and hogs, being unloaded at the waterfront, where men in high hip-waders wait to claim their own and help herd them through town to the tobacco warehouses that  served  as barns.   
" It's possible , " said Craig , " but don't count on it . " He told Omar to heave to , and together they manhandled over the side the stone that  served  as an anchor , then he disappeared into the cabin .   
Physical energy is usually equated with strength, which, in turn, is confused with bulging muscles and the ability to lift great weights. But intensive muscle development and weight lifting don't  serve  too much purpose in everyday life except to a boxer and weight lifter.   
In sum, on the issue of verification, the agreement is ambiguous at best, utterly dependent upon the Soviets not cheating at worst. History provides ample testimony to the Soviets' willingness to exploit ambiguity in arms-control agreements and -- where that is insufficient to  serve  their purposes -- to flatly cheat, a point that this administration, to its credit, has repeatedly reminded the American public of.   
Do, do try if it is possible for a woman to understand young people but of course it is not, and I waste my breath. Hold your tongue as much as possible at least, and observe my conduct narrowly; it will  serve  you for a model.   
Fortunately , some of them carried rugs which they shared willingly with Arthur . When they finally arrived in gloomy Euston Station , his red muffler  served  as a beacon for Aunt Annette .   
If you do aerobics , that doesn't rule out calisthenics . Both are good , but each  serves  a different purpose .   
There he asked for Tarisio's nephews , and was directed to a sprawling , low-roofed farmhouse . He entered , and found himself in a roomy , almost bare room which also  served  as a kitchen .   
Some plantations use irrigating ditches and let the water flow from the ditches into furrows in the fields as needed. There are no lakes or large rivers to  serve  as irrigation water supplies.   
Among these is Denis Worrall, who resigned last month as South Africa's ambassador to Great Britain. He believes a multiracial Natal government could  serve  as a model for a national solution to the injustices of apartheid, and plans to run as a pro-Indaba candidate for Parliament against a top government minister.   
They are not yet involved in an overt power struggle because no Chinese leader will willingly be responsible for destroying the unity of China . But the formal political structure in Peking does not reflect the true balance of forces and this contradiction has been  serving  as a slow fuse to a showdown .   
John Lewis and Donald Harris , who were making a tour of several African countries as representatives of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee toward the end of Malcolm's second tour of Africa , have observed : " Malcolm's impact on Africa was just fantastic . In every country he was known and  served  as the main criteria for categorizing other Afro-Americans and their political views .   
A fourth, Dolmy Business Inc., was formed in November 1985. The same month, Southern Air Transport bought a fifth Panamanian shell corporation, Amalagamated Commercial Enterprises (ACE) to  serve  as a front for the Miami carrier's work on behalf of a secret airlift ferrying arms into Nicaragua.   
He was a writer , a prolific one ; yet his writings were nearly all occasional , prompted by the need of the moment . His one book , the Autobiography , was begun as something that might be useful to his son ; that purpose  served  , it was never finished .   
He and Mother used one of them as an office and den . The other  served  as a bedroom for three of the children .   
In the bar of " 21 " he used to nurse a single drink all night when he was short of funds, in order to meet people and perhaps drum up some new accounts. With another young couple, the Roger Van Schoycks, the Mahoneys also appeared frequently at the Stork Club, to  serve  as background scenery for a TV interview show.   
Democracy and tolerance, how glibly these people used these words! Suddenly I didn't like it and exclaimed involuntarily: " Why, what purpose would that  serve ?"   
I have known people to travel long distances, even across the continent, to talk to those who have conducted successful anniversary programs. A well-written article can  serve  the same purpose as this kind of a journey.   
In the former , Mozart's first symphony in a minor key , the choice of key alone transcends the boundaries of simply " social " music , and even contradicts the nature of such music . What purpose of the day can this document of impetuous expression have  served  ?   
Navy units, armed to the teeth, patrolled the city and its suburbs. The Naval College, the home of the once-illustrious 1st U-boat Flotilla, was chosen to  serve  as the center of the defense of Brest because of its vast underground tunnel system.   
3. Once a drug testing program is established in local jurisdictions, it can  serve  as an indicator of local drug abuse and a way to measure the effectiveness of law enforcement and drug-abuse programs.   
Ten youngsters started a separate company called Act IV Productions and joined the musicians union . Today , Act IV  serves  as booking agent for young instrumental and vocal groups , and produces its own musical shows .   
Sometimes they have been approached religiously, sometimes philosophically, and sometimes especially of late even scientifically. Because of the differing approaches used, or differing assumptions that  serve  as starting points, achievement of any over-all consensus on moral issues has proved just about impossible to come by.   
Keep it covered . You do not have to take the tree apart to give the balls to the guests ; but food which  serves  as a decoration soon gets too dusty to eat .   
And the consequence for those who already have lost their jobs on Wall Street -- or soon may -- appears grim in the wake of the stock market's collapse. Even banks and insurers, which have in the past  served  as havens for those left jobless by market downturns, seem less likely to offer safe harbor this time around.   
The sport to which the Tartars were most attached was hunting , even when they had a sufficiency of food from their own flocks , or could supply themselves by raids on their neighbours . Genghis Khan encouraged hunting , not for the sake of the kill alone , but for the skill and endurance it developed ,  serving  as training for the army .   
Up to a week's sales, inventory, tax, and employee labor information can be captured, processed, and stored in the H-112 in an " average " franchise store, according to the firm. In the basic configuration, TraCom consists of the minicomputer, two keyboard entry terminals that  serve  as electronic cash registers, two printers, and four cash drawers, plus basic software, at $12K.   
Turkey's population of more than 51 million -- it may reach 70 million by the turn of the century -- is developing a taste for Western-style consumerism. Furthermore, it is ideally situated to  serve  as a commercial "bridgehead to the economies of developing Arab countries," argues Mr. Ozal, who is the prime minister's brother.   
The partnership currently owns 50% of Fox Plaza, a 34-story office tower under construction on a site adjoining Fox Film's Los Angeles studio lot. The tower is expected to  serve  as a headquarters for Mr. Davis' oil investments and other activities, which were previously centered in Denver.   
Mary was kneeling, her hands across her breast, her gaze on the sleeping Babe; Joseph was standing beside her. In the background, only their heads visible, were the ox and the ass who had withdrawn from their manger that it might  serve  another purpose.   
It does not belong to one nationality; it belongs to all nationalities alike. My hope is that one day it can be made to  serve  as one link for world unity.   
Generally the medium closes his eyes , makes some more or less convulsive movements , and shortly thereafter acts as if possessed by the spirit control or other incorporeal personalities that may be called up by the person known as the sitter who is consulting the medium . Messages are given as if coming from the possessing spirit ; the body of the medium is supposed to be  serving  only as an instrument of intercommunication .   
Systems Architects, Inc., Braintree, Mass. For information: Circle 337 on Reader Card UPTIME is a combination file management and report generator intended to solve the problem of the frequent need for prompt generation of one-time or periodic reports that were not anticipated at the time a system was designed. It can also  serve  as the report writing and file maintenance module for systems now being developed, however.   
EDS said the information processing center will use the company's advanced computer hardware, software and communications technologies. The center will  serve  as a model to demonstrate practical applications of computer technology within China.   
Recent patrons included the conductor of a symphony orchestra , a half-dozen U.S. Congressmen , and a 20-year-old Canadian who , after robbing a branch of the Bank of Montreal of more than $9000 , purchased a gaudy Western wardrobe and headed straight for Nashville . The Opry House Ryman Auditorium is an old , red-brick edifice with balconies and church-like windows and cruel hard-backed pews ( which once  served  Satan's purpose in a Gospel tabernacle ) .   
He was fully-fledged, brilliant virtuoso after four years' study under Habeneck. He is still well-known for his handbook, The Violinist's Physical Training, and his Etudes classiques, which  serve  their purpose perfectly.   
A Southern Air flight with unidentified cargo from an Air Force base in Texas to Tel Aviv corresponded with the sale this year of U.S. arms to Iran through Israel. In the first six months of 1986, federal records show frequent flights into El Salvador's Ilopango military airport, which  served  as a base for the covert supply operation to Nicaraguan guerrillas.   
I lit no lamp . The firelight  served  .   
The letter argued that "all of Santa Fe's stockholders should be treated equally and given the greatest ability to consider all opportunities to maximize the value of their Santa Fe shares." It added that "Santa Fe's preferred-stock purchase rights  serve  as a barrier to this goal and, in the interests of all your stockholders, should be redeemed."   
As in most such transactions, the controlling group's profit was greatly amplified by its initial use of a leveraged buyout. These people put up only about $1 million of their own money and borrowed most of the rest -- totaling about $84 million -- with Harley-Davidson's own assets  serving  as the collateral.   
It was becoming more and more a hollow shell. His conservative supporters were fast becoming aware that the dictator would no longer  serve  their purposes.   
Their savages' feet , brown and hardened , re-experience the weight of the great shoes we have thoughtfully studded and strengthened with nails . A pair of good " everyday shoes " for adolescents is as weighty as a shackle and our ballasted children frolicked with a shorter stride during those last recreations that  served  as dress-rehearsals before reassembly .   
In the past, Mr. Cox has contended that he didn't default on his InterFirst payments. But he has conceded that the economic slump in the Southwest has substantially eroded the value of many of his properties that  serve  as collateral to the InterFirst loans.   
The outback no longer appeals as it did; year by year the pull of the cities grows, and one or two Flying Doctor bases have already closed. Yet the purpose they  serve  is not obsolete.   
He listens to people. He jumps into the beat-up old vans that  serve  as collective taxis here and rides around.   
It was felt a national clearing house for companies in trouble and potential investors could be the answer and that this could be automated. Corporate Finders went looking and found a group with a job-match system under development which they felt could be converted to  serve  their purpose.   
The commissioners approved the temporary registration on a 4-0 vote, with Commissioner Aulana Peters absent. Chicago-based Mortgage-Backed Securities Clearing, which was created to  serve  as the centralized agency, technically doesn't fall under the SEC's jurisdiction until the Government Securities Act of 1986 goes into effect in July.   
Needs are universal and enduring where products and methods become obsolete. The horse and buggy have disappeared, the passenger train is seldom used, ocean liners  serve  primarily for luxury cruises.   
Because of the expanded range of exercise options, the adjustment for age, and the comprehensive data tables, I also hope that physical educators and medical personnel concerned with exercise will find this book useful in supervising physical conditioning programs. Whether this book is used as an individual exercise guide or as a professional reference work, it is my profound hope as a physician that it will  serve  its readers as a key to health and well-being.   
For the hammer and trigger the square metal rod that connects door knobs was used . The end of the rod , which  served  as the hammer , was filed to a point .   
Not to destroy it. It was much too flattering a pose, and might  serve  as a reference to win me new lovers.   
"In South America people refer to pesticide as 'plant medicine' and they don't think medicine is dangerous," says Agi Kiss, a pesticides expert with the World Bank in Washington. In Culiacan and other Third World farming regions, discarded plastic pesticide containers frequently  serve  as water buckets.   
Momsen made his first test in the model-boat basin at the Washington Navy Yard in February 1928 . He cut a memorable figure in his woolen tank suit , a clothespin  serving  as a nose clip .   
The main bearing beam is sometimes not even a solid wooden beam in houses built by corner-cutting contractors . A common sight in tract housing is several 2 by 8's , side by side on their narrow ends ,  serving  as a main bearing beam .   
The ancestors of American slaves used music in everyday life to an extent unknown in the West . In Africa , music  served  many useful purposes .   
To hear the rebels talk, they are already near victory. "Only a few remaining towns and areas remain outside our control," says Vicente Pelobello, an ordained priest who went underground in 1979 and now represents the National Democratic Front in Negros, the legal organization that  serves  as a front for the outlawed Communist Party.   
Whatever the institutions' strategy, companies generally don't like it. "Our pill  serves  a legitimate purpose," says a spokesman for AMR Corp., the holding company for American Airlines.   
In addition , Walsh-Corbetta has now taken on the job of winding up the foundation begun by Fehlhaber-Horn . The platform foundation  serves  as the base for six of the ten structures on the Mall , among them the four agency buildings .   
Ruins were littered with shards of broken pottery. Libraries were burned or the books torn up to  serve  as bedding for the conquerors' horses.   
This opened, as was now usual, with a declaration of the rights of man, said to have been drawn up by Paine. In addition, he submitted a manuscript of forty-five pages full of suggestions declaring that the new French constitution would  serve  as a blueprint for the revolution of the world.   
Because the loans were made years ago, some of them carry interest rates that are substantially higher than today's market rates. The decision also  serves  several other purposes, according to officials and Arab diplomats.   
Harcourt hinted in its initial rejection that Mr. Maxwell's past business dealings could become an issue. Previous opponents have questioned who ultimately owns Pergamon Holding Foundation, the Liechtenstein-based entity that  serves  as his investment vehicle.   
Usually they want to be close to the restroom so that they can reach it quickly should they develop gastric or other unpleasant symptoms . Also , it  serves  as a kind of " escape hatch " for claustrophobic feelings .   
One of a handful of other GCP examples is in Texas, where Baylor University's economic-forecasting service produces a gross product figure for each of the state's 28 metropolitan areas and all 254 counties. Ray Perryman, director of the forecasting service, says the concept is valid only if the computerized model of the state economy, which  serves  as the base for figuring output in smaller areas, is continually updated as economic conditions change.   
Last year, a similar linking of extra spending to new taxes was rejected by President Reagan, and this one probably would be opposed, too. In addition, the plan must weather amendments on the Senate floor and be reconciled with a somewhat different budget outline passed by the House before it  serves  as a guideline for later congressional action.   
There is nothing else to be said . You have  served  your purpose .   
Sit still , and hear the last of our sea-sorrow . " He rose , and erect and with firm steps walked to a small rickety table by the other window in the room , which  served  him as writing-table .   
The drones are male bees. Their only function is to  serve  as mates for queens.   
A mini-Ojo, made from very fine crochet thread or sport or fingering yarn and woven on a skeleton of matchsticks or toothpicks, is a perfect good luck charm. It may be hung from the rearview mirror of your car, attached to a pocketbook, belt or key chain, or stitched to a piece of rawhide or a comb to  serve  as a hair ornament.   
Flashing should be used to shed water not only where the roof meets the chimney but also at any other intersections of roof and building , including the intersection of roof with roof , as in ell valleys . The framing lumber that identifies the outer walls and interior partitions , mostly $1 per copy 2 by 4's ,  serves  as a skeleton for the structure .   
Siegmann told us that U-230 would not be ready for another four or five weeks. We had to accommodate ourselves in an antiquated cruiser, the former Hamburg, which had been stripped to  serve  as quarters for " crews in waiting."   
They ruefully wish they had done more before 1965 . Auto makers now generally feel that government safety regulation  served  a good purpose .   
An important physical link between the undersea station and the surface was the Personnel Transfer Capsule ( PTC ) . It  served  as an elevator for the aquanauts .   
Fabri-Tek's new end-user customers require immediate local service capability, and this means a large and widespread force of customer engineers; Sorbus has over 80 service locations and a maintenance staff of about 1,000. Eight Fabri-Tek regional service centers will be maintained for continuing training of Sorbus customer engineers and to  serve  in a trouble-shooting capacity and as spare-parts depots.   
Many are reluctant to create new such markets, because they require extensive hands-on management, they have long start-up loss periods, and many of the choicest sites have been claimed. Some cities, meanwhile, are considering whether other types of urban attractions would better  serve  as magnets.   
Then Blanche McGraw took the roses from Rigney and sat back sadly to watch the last game. It didn't matter that the park would survive a few more years and for two seasons would even  serve  as the temporary home of a team to be called the New York Mets.   
The stunts performed on the rope were the most interesting to me , however . The tightly stretched line  served  as a horizontal bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contestants to combine their strength , nimbleness , and sense of timing into an astonishing array of acrobatic tricks .   
Afghanistan comes to mind above all in this regard." The arms-control process going back to the early 1960s did  serve  the Kremlin's purposes in "codifying" the Soviet Union's superpower status, the report says.   
The box ( ink-print edition ) bears a Kufic inscription in praise of writing and scholarship , and in the row of medallions along the front are the signs of the zodiac . Inside the box are small covered cups for the ink and the sand , which  served  as blotting paper , and a long slot to hold reed pens .   
There should be not less than six lanes for pools holding a championship meet . These lines should be in the center of each lane so that each competitor swims astride a line  serving  him as a guide from one end of the pool to the other . Just 4 feet from each end of the pool a distinctive cross-lane is placed to serve as a warning to each competitor that the end of the course is near.   
Or at least some of it. There are few surprises, but "Man of the House: The Life and Political Memoirs of Speaker Tip O'Neill" (Random House, 387 pages, $19.95) offers some glimpses into the life and perspectives of a man who, like few others,  served  as a bridge between the old Democratic politics and the new, and as a transition figure between the gritty politics of ethnic groups and favors and the modern politics of television and reform.   
If it weren't for love ... The Sugimoto family had sold their telephone , along with their Bechstein piano . The telegraph now  served  for the phone ; even matters of little urgency were communicated to them by telegraph from Osaka .   
Housed in an oil-filled inverted steel container , this unit was hooked up by a single coaxial cable to a control console a mile distant on shore . The benthic laboratory  served  as a kind of electronic traffic controller for the television , audio communication , and numerous telemetering channels between Sealab II and the shore base .   
Since 1973, about 260 lung-cancer patients had volunteered for the vaccine test. Many  served  as "control" patients who didn't receive the vaccine.   
Be of good cheer. " But suppose it's already too late for a doctor now; all that will  serve  now is a surgeon, someone already used to blood, up there where the blood already is."   
The only town, Lanai City, was planned and built by the pineapple company for its employees. Tall Norfolk Island pines  serve  as windbreaks and landscaping.   
Meanwhile, a woman offers Dan Kelly a $1 bribe to cut into the bulging line and get Ms. White to autograph a book. Finally, it is 2:15 and after a "bye-bye" Vanna White walks out of the book department past the baby clothes, past the housewares, the swim trunks, the hosiery, the health and beauty aids -- all items that could  serve  as "lovely parting gifts" on "Wheel of Fortune."   
One feature that makes the GSV-1 differ in appearance from the PX-15 is a pontoon landing-gear structure attached to the bottom portion of the hull. It is to  serve  as a firm base when the submarine rests on the bottom of the sea.   
The Boatswain reported that he had already notified the Sailmaker to commence making a new sea anchor, but it would be a matter of hours at best before it could be ready, and they might be ashore by then. Merewether looked about the deck for some object that might  serve  the purpose.   
In the year 688 the Caliph Abd al-Malik decided to build over the Rock a splendid dome that would rival the dome of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. He sent letters throughout the Arab Empire with an appeal for money and for skilled craftsmen, and as the funds were collected, a small domed building was erected beside the Rock to  serve  as a treasury.   
Giotto drew the halo in perspective not because he believed in humanism but because it looked good, it worked, and it was new. With humanism developed into a civilization of crude technology, however, a rediscovered Giotto could  serve  as a touchstone to the Deist persuasion. His work would serve equally well in the opposite direction.   
In the rest of the booklet we will discuss those traits that distinguish the socially mature person from the immature. They can  serve  as a guide for your own social growth and for that of your friends.   
A good first step would be for New Zealand to drop its "nuclear-free" zone rhetoric, which is patently ridiculous when you consider the Soviet nuclear-armed submarines prowling the waters of the world, and again take up its abandoned role in the ANZUS pact. A good second step would be for Australia to expel the Libyan People's Bureau that now  serves  as a relay station for South Pacific agitators.   
Perhaps the citizens of Missouri and Minnesota at that moment needed precisely the symbol they got ; and if they did they got good ones . A more original building , say by Wright , might not have  served  the same purpose .   
Hypres also has found a way to build thin, multiple layers of a superconductor -- a major step toward making more powerful computer chips, says President Sadeg Faris. Superconductor devices also  serve  as very sensitive detectors of magnetic fields and certain forms of radiation.   
" I'll paint over it . It's already  served  its purpose , anyway .   
Such as Get Well / Female, Get Well / Male, Get Well / Hospital, Christmas / General, Christmas / Wife, and so on. So eventually your sold file can  serve  as a handy reference file for generating new ideas in any particular category.   
Who delights in it or who is repelled? What purpose does it  serve ?   
This we knew because we saw behind some rocks at the crest of the hill in the loose soil the imprints left by the bodies of three warriors where they had been lying down in concealment . At their camp we found the head and hoofs of my favorite horse , " Digger , " a fine little sorrel pony , and knew that he had  served  them for dinner .   
Thousands died. At Nankai University, a young woman drowned herself in the large pool that  serves  as the university's centerpiece.   
Also , small rural factories make a variety of products for their own communities . This dispersal of industry is in keeping with Maoist doctrine , but it also  serves  important practical purposes .   
Mission control follows every step of the flight,  serves  as consultant to the astronauts, advises ways of overcoming unexpected difficulties, makes the major decisions where deviations from the flight plan become necessary, and maintains contact with all of the land, sea, and air supporting elements. Three major systems serve as the Center's eyes and ears.   
Last summer, Hyeres had to dispatch two tanker trucks of water to Porquerolles when the wells ran dry. Now, a cistern is being installed which will regulate the levels of the different wells and  serve  as an emergency reserve in case of a drought.   
But at the convention, the federation introduced its newest program: software that catalogs the tremendous amount of information associated with each object in a museum's collection. A Williamson consultant says that computerizing an art collection  serves  many purposes.   
What future taxonomic juggling will do with him is a question. Meanwhile, he is himself, Pitymys, or at least that name will  serve .   
But the new weapons, the new officers and the new men were here in the ship, steaming out to sea after that incredible eight days the first and earliest proof that the giant which was the United States was gathering his strength together. The officers and men who had been left behind would  serve  as a nucleus round which fresh drafts could be assembled and trained.   
Spread out on their port side were woods with loblolly pine and live oak ; scabs of blighted ground showing between the trees ; the road to the point . During the week , the end of the peninsula  served  as a target area .   
On a related issue, the official indicated that the Reagan administration is not yet ready to accept the new trade bill proposed by Senate Finance Committee leaders. But he said the bill is sufficiently free of protectionist provisions to  serve  as a basis for negotiations with Congress.   
The promising plot line leading to a showdown between two master corporate raiders is pursued half-heartedly. Nearly every character  serves  some symbolic purpose that is laid out in big block letters.   
The 980 was developed for real-time process control in their own manufacturing operations. One has been modified to  serve  as message switching center within TI'S internal Telecommunications Dept. The Dallas brokerage office of Rauscher Pierce has a TI 980 which also is used as a message switching center.   
Even the dead horses and the cows and sheep hanging from the greasy hooks look more inviting. At least we will eat these tomorrow and even the intestines will  serve  a purpose. But these filthy beggars lying in the rain, what purpose do they serve?   
We have argued repeatedly that a presidential line-item-veto authority would restore the necessary balance. The strengthened presidential rescission power proposed on this page recently by Sen. Dan Quayle would  serve  the same purpose.   
I shout for God and country , recourse to justice under law , fifes , drums , martial music , parades , ice-cream cones America , support it or leave it . The volley of gunfire  served  its purpose .   
They lay under a many-fathomed silence , broken only by a running murmur of prayer , mixed with the sound of the Vatican Radio coming over thousands of transistors : " The Pope is in a coma and slowly fading nothing more can be done , but pray . " The chimes of Christus Vincit emerged from radios held next to ears , under arms , inside pockets and beneath buttocks where they  served  as seats .   
There are other reasons for the Russians' slow start. One is that the Soviet Union doesn't have a Hong Kong on its border to  serve  as an example, nor a huge community of entrepreneurial countrymen abroad wanting to invest.   
Most of the shipments are paid for in " local currency " the currency of the country receiving the food. In many cases, these currencies are considered " weak " and of limited value in the world of international trade, although they  serve  their purpose within the countries that issue them.   
Bringing scuba divers directly to the scene of a wreck will be another important contribution by submersibles to future salvage operations. Diving chambers that  serve  as temporary underwater shelters for aquanauts working at salvage tasks will also play a vital role.   
Eroticism has supplied the plots of innumerable novels and stories . The " technique of sexual stimulation " and " sex secrets " have been thoroughly exploited , and Henry Miller's novels translated into Vietnamese have  served  as models of the kind .   
As with all bushwomen , Bhau has enormous buttocks . To Tutei this feature is a sign of good health ; moreover , it  serves  a useful purpose as a storage depot for fat that will keep Bhau going during a food emergency .   
In the mid-19th century it referred to the Habsburg monarchy's ill-fated bid for political domination over all the Germanys in the guise of an economic union. In the early part of this century, Mitteleuropa  served  as a justification for German, not Austrian, dominance.   
It can take nearly six months to collect enough fur to make a hat, she says, adding that it's worth the wait. The sweaters  serve  as keepsakes, reminders of her beloved animals.   
They defined the meter as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole . Until recently , a platinum-iridium bar kept in an air-conditioned vault near Paris  served  as the world standard meter .   
As a Quaker Penn would have liked to abolish capital punishment entirely, but this was not possible under the charter he held from the King. All prisons, according to Penn, were to provide free food and lodging, and to  serve  as work houses, providing useful employment for " felons, vagrants, and loose and idle persons."   
But this "deficiency" helps, as it does with the U.S. Constitution, to make the new draft constitution flexible with the needs of the time. On the whole, it is neither its clarity nor brevity nor length that will make a constitution  serve  its purpose.   
So the KGB is on the job at Mount Alto, and U.S. security experts are just discovering that the entire U.S. Embassy building in Moscow is riddled with "bugs." The metal bars and beams  serve  as one large antenna, allowing the Soviets to listen to all conversations within the building.   
However , its musical meaning cannot be denied . To my way of understanding , it  serves  as a link ; by means of this simple note , Wells skillfully manages to form a connection between his chorus and the preceding one .   
About a year before the first victim appeared, however, the factory had begun mass production of acetaldehyde and vinyl chloride, used in the plastics industry. In both processes, mercury compounds  serve  as catalysts.   
The researchers said they noted that cats infected with FTLV exhibited symptoms strikingly like those of humans with acquired immune deficiency syndrome, including diarrhea, wasting, and neurological disorders. This contrasts with the simian AIDS virus which can cause infection, but not disease as does human AIDS. Thus, the researchers believe the new cat virus might  serve  as a model for tests of AIDS therapies or vaccines.   
James Agee described a tenant family over two decades ago , in Let Us Now Praise Famous Men . It  serves  , unaltered , as a valid description of what passes for migrant " sanitation . "   
Your editorial "Breaking With SALT II" (Dec. 2) points out that this so-called "treaty" (which was never ratified, would have expired had it been ratified, and has been violated by the Soviets) has become an "arms-control shibboleth"  serving  as a meretricious distinction between "holier-than-thou" Democratic "angels" and a trigger-happy president.   
"These are really the first-generation materials that will be used as a bone substitute," says Paul Higham, the manager of materials research at Howmedica Inc., a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. Both materials  serve  as scaffolding into which bone cells and other tissues grow.   
He hadn't forgotten Helen's blue eyes . But the glass of schnapps  served  as a remedy .   
How wrong the whisperers have been ! Indeed , the very first Metterling laundry list  serves  as a perfect , near-total introduction to this troubled genius , known to his contemporaries as the " Prague Weirdo . "   
The hospital unit was dumped in a cricket field outside Bloemfontein . A handsome pavilion , its stage , still set with a garish scene from H. M. S. Pinafore ,  served  as the main ward .   
It taught Lee the necessity of simpler methods and organization . It  served  its immediate purpose , however , in relieving the threat against Richmond , and it supplied a large part of his army with superior small-arms .
Only slightly over 100,000 of such houses had been built by 1952, but between 1964 and 1966 this figure doubled, some 30 per cent of building taking place with low-interest public loans for small-income families. Private savings  serve  as another reliable indicator of economic improvement.   
Unfortunately, many Japanese still mistake the company for the French maker of fancy cigarette lighters, S.T. DuPont. Soon, a 20-story office tower will  serve  as Du Pont's headquarters.   
When the researchers began publishing their theories in 1969, biochemists around the world formed battle lines, launching experiments to prove or to disprove them. Critics charged that superoxide couldn't possibly be involved in cells' chemistry and that, therefore, the blue-green residue that the Duke researchers called superoxide dismutase was really  serving  some other, unknown function.   
On the frozen rinks in the 1880's there were no goalies' cages . What  served  as a goal were two poles bored into the ice .   
The zero-zero option will remove a vital part of the architecture of deterrence that cannot be replaced soon. The cruise and Pershing II missiles  serve  a combination of functions that are essential to NATO strategy in an age of growing Soviet military superiority.   
In the past forty years a group of new and united meetings have been developed , mainly on college campuses , which have ignored the divisions of the past . Scattered from the East Coast to the West , these new meetings are  serving  as bridges between the differing groups .   
Its principal function was to demarcate the nomads to the north from the sedentaries to the south . It  served  also as a means of communication across northern China .   
And last November, Texas Air, which owns Continental, People Express and New York Air, bought Eastern Airlines for $600 million. Louis Marckesano, a transportation analyst with Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia, predicts that for the foreseeable future, the airline industry will be dominated by the larger companies, with the smaller ones  serving  as "adjuncts . . . forced to remain in a geographic area or on a specific route system."   
Next were the cover stories in the major newsmagazines, with the artist's business manager-wife talking about the "love" that the pictures were supposed to express, and the reported sale price of more than $10 million. Then there was the National Gallery of Art's rush to exhibit the pictures, and the announcement of the book that  serves  as catalog for the show (published by Harry N. Abrams), the first art book to become a Book-of-the-Month Club main selection, with editions forthcoming in a number of foreign countries.   
Because of a lack of other garbage-dump space, its owners are optimistic they will be granted permission to build it 60 feet higher. Many of the county's schools look like trailer parks, with mobile homes  serving  as makeshift classrooms alongside school buildings.   
However after several nights the emperor grew concerned for the health of his generals, who continued guarding his tranquillity at the expense of their own rest. He suggested that pictures of the generals placed outside his door would probably  serve  the same purpose.   
At the same time , constant reiteration of the provisional character of the Federal Republic and its constitution ( the choice of the term " Basic Law " rather than " constitution " was deliberate ) has created a psychological climate where this new state cannot begin to take itself seriously and to look to its internal political and social development . The division too often  serves  as a convenient excuse for the refusal to face up to the agonizing legacy of the past , to take refuge in blind anti-communism , or self-justification , or mere complacency .   
The third day the sea had moderated to the point that they decided they could replace the mizzen-royal mast and rigging. Fortunately, among the spare spars was one that with some fitting would  serve .   
Among these is a corporation identified by intelligence sources as Democracy International, or Democracy Inc. It reportedly  served  as an account to fund the network's operation, and to pay for travel by key figures.   
I have just finished a new barn, " Dichu told Patrick. " Will that  serve  as a church where we can sacrifice to your God?   
Her approach can be termed ethnographic. She gives particular attention to the young child's close bond to the mother, which  serves  as a prototype for the later dependency upon the social group.   
But the frog inside him made a big hump on his long , trim body . And this big hump  served  as a brake and slowed him down .   
After the Kapp putsch and the failure of his own attempt to seize power by force , Hitler concluded that violence was the wrong way to achieve his ends . With the German predilection for legal sanction , he decided , it was essential to use constitutional means , if only to destroy the constitution after it had  served  his purpose .   
Life might be short here in the ice-world, Jim realized darkly. Once a man had ceased to  serve  his function as a hunter, he would only be a burden on the tribe.   
He added, however, that most of the negotiations about the restructuring of the company had taken place between Hallwood and the FDIC. The arrangement is a better alternative than selling the banks and their assets once they had failed, and could  serve  as a model for future transactions, said FDIC Chairman William Seidman.   
Brazil is seeking a quick accord with the IMF that would  serve  as a basis for debt talks with foreign banks and Western creditor governments.   
R. R. Graber and Jean Graber of the Illinois Natural History Survey say that in the 50 years from 1907 to 1957 the State's cardinal population increased mainly because of its northward extension . This was aided by the increase of the bird's favorite woody habitats more shrubbery about homes ; small woods and orchards with undergrowth along their edges ; hedgerows  serving  as fences .   
When the Moors invaded Spain this instrument became known as rebec in the Western world . A further step forward was marked by the two rosettes which pierced the neck of the body ,  serving  as sound-holes .   
A document the Florida Democrat and his staff sent committee members on Thursday listed as options three types of curtailment of the popular pension program, including a one-year freeze of cost-of-living increases. After these options were disclosed by this newspaper Friday, a spokesman for the senator said they were being removed from the document, which will  serve  as a starting point for this week's budget-drafting sessions.   
From the date of its founding in August , 1790 , to the present time , the United States Coast Guard has played a significant part in shaping our Nation's history . Conceived originally as a small fleet for the collection of revenue , the Coast Guard has grown until today its  serves  not only as an armed force but also as our foremost agency for promoting maritime safety .   
These findings are consistent with the original plans and expectations for ECES. The system was designed to complement guidance programs and to  serve  as an aid to counselors, to help them work more effectively with their students by helping students become better informed.   
But there also is a general reluctance to drop the belief, so expertly nurtured by the terrorists, that the abductors are merely desperate victims of unspeakable injustices acting spontaneously and autonomously to attract attention to their plight. Thus it was, even after it became obvious that Terry Waite's role in the release of hostages was to  serve  as a fig leaf for the Tehran arms deal, that support for his mission remained unshaken.   
The Air Force bases being studied are: Blytheville and Little Rock in Arkansas, Grand Forks and Minot in North Dakota, Whiteman in Missouri, Barksdale in Louisiana, Dyess in Texas, Fairchild in Washington, Malmstrom in Montana and Wurtsmith in Michigan. As previously announced, Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming would  serve  as the main operating base for the rail-car missiles.
Contributed by Allan Shweky A young couple we know had to make a number of adjustments when the husband, after working for several years, entered graduate school. With their two children, they moved into a small apartment in one of the thin-walled " temporary " buildings that  serve  as married-student housing at Rensselaer Polytech.   
Zack had just told Martin Dunes of his experiences at the edge of the lava fields , hoping that their common enmity of the Sleeper clan would yet turn into a common bond between himself and Wendy's father . The ambush had also  served  as an excuse to come here , averting for a while a showdown on whether Dunes would permit a friendship with Wendy .   
Lt. Col. North, however, retained at least one element of the plan in his next attempt to free the hostages, which took place a month later. After obtaining $2 million in ransom money from H. Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire, he again arranged to have a boat off the coast of Cyprus to  serve  as a transfer point for the money and the remaining hostages.   
It had been built as a shelter for pigs about to be butchered. Now it was going to  serve  as a home away from home for one hundred American prisoners of war.   
Yet it remains there in a prominent spotlight , a monument to instability . If it could perform its function of providing a stable market and adequate liquidity for the trading of stock without inducing the not infrequent mass mania , it would be  serving  an extremely useful purpose .   
Each of the four iron atoms in a hemoglobin molecule , for instance , is a " handle " to which oxygen molecules become attached , to be carried throughout the body in the red pigment of the blood . In plants an atom of magnesium  serves  as the structural hub of every molecule of chlorophyll .   
Lying is the conscious version of denial , the defense mechanism which operates on an unconscious level ( Chapter 7 ) . It  serves  only as a temporary tension-reducer , but does not alter the problem situation which is disturbing the person who is lying .   
The panel noted that since market prices were fairly high when the law was passed, this provision set a ceiling above which regulated prices couldn't rise. Now, with market prices low, it  serves  as a price floor below which regulated prices can't drop, it said.   
To have proof, perhaps. Anyhow, when I am dead it will  serve  no useful purpose and might prove to be a Pandora's box.   
He was actually crying. It was grown-up undignified grief but it would  serve  my purpose.   
" Polls reveal that many of us prefer small-town life, " says Jackson, " and a national growth policy should maintain and expand this choice. " New cities will play a part in the plan, but Romney stresses the value of using the social and physical structures available in existing middle-sized cities and small towns to  serve  as future growth centers.   
His stumbling struggle with a Grock costume is a delicate piece of nervous clowning, and his crumbling in the face of imminent death has icy, authentic guignol horror. The other three names in the cast Stanley Rushton, Robin Mayfield, Liam McNulty  serve  their purpose admirably.   
It is very likely that the current bombardment by the purveyors of magic diets and miracle cures will continue. Your concept of energetics should  serve  as a shield of armor to protect you from their missiles and should allow you to direct your energy toward the kind of program outlined here.   
A new feature, " Out in Front, " makes its debut on page 80, (ink print) opposite the editorial. This piquant glimpse of business life will  serve  as a frontispiece for the main body of the magazine.   
Big Kahuna, a New York bar that opened last fall, boasts a three-dimensional fiberglass "wave" measuring 15 feet by 60 feet. Jutting out from it are surfboards that  serve  as convenient places to plop down a white-wine spritzer.   
More broadly, the former station chief's testimony is important to understanding what higher officials in the Reagan administration knew about the Contra supply operation. Mr. Tambs said Col. North  served  as a conduit to these other officials in some cases, and the station chief's testimony reinforced the ambassador's claim that information was passed on to CIA and State Department officials.   
He used to get only $250 in an entire year from growing rice in the plot . " In a tent that  served  as RD headquarters , an RD leader talked of the team's accomplishments .   
"It's a hoax to put people without symptoms on a treadmill and hook them up to an electrocardiograph," says Robert S. Lawrence, a physician and chairman of the United States Preventive Services Task Force, a federally appointed group that is studying physical examinations. A simple blood-pressure test, for example, can  serve  as a measure of stress at a fraction of the cost and time.   
The T'ao T'ieh inverts this order and is still more horrible : its huge head is connected to one body on the right and another on the left . Generally it has six legs since the front pair  serves  for both bodies .   
At the Fort Worth sale, for instance, a repossessed 1985 Chevrolet Camaro with 41,000 miles sold for $5,300, roughly what a bank might lend for the car and $1,850 less than its top retail price, according to the Kelley Blue Book auto-price guide. Public auto auctions aren't to be confused with the large, dealer-only sales, which  serve  as a clearinghouse for many of the used cars sold in the U.S.   
For whatever Africa finally makes of you , and however incomprehensible that continent begins to seem , it does inspire you with a gnawing nostalgia , and exercises over those who have once been there a pull as strong , I think , as the more publicized and legendary pull of the East . Of the New England ports which  served  as main pumping-stations to the great column of blood down South , Newport was the most active .   
Computer Methods Corp., White Plains, N.Y. For information: Circle 510 on Reader Card 114-115. The Telecommunications Programming System lets 16-bit minicomputers interface with and  serve  as front-end processors for System / 360 and 370 cpu's.   
I was looking down a hole some five feet square , which descended straight into the darkness of the earth . I replaced the platform which was  serving  as a wooden shield , went back to the car , got my Geiger counter , and started exploring .   
U.S. officials explain that Hanoi equates public division with national weakness -- just as it did when public opinion was divided during the war itself -- and that only by presenting a united front can the U.S. persuade Vietnam and Laos to cooperate. "We reject divisive tactics, knowing that the Rambos of the 1980s  serve  the same purpose as the Jane Fondas of the 1970s," recently wrote Ann Mills Griffiths, the executive director of the National League of Families of American Prisoners and Missing in Southeast Asia, who has represented the U.S. in Hanoi.   
These are rough times for the dozens of U.S., Japanese and European merchant banks in Hong Kong whose main business has been to arrange the foreign loans of Asian countries. In the 1970s and early 1980s, many foreign banks opened merchant banks in Hong Kong because the colony  served  as the regional syndicated-loan center.   
In August, when the Olympic Games were being held in Germany, compulsory military service was extended to two years. The Olympics, staged with great pomp and pageantry, were meant to  serve  as a demonstration of regained German strength and resolution.   
Across one end was an old-fashioned grate and mantel , and above them a large plate glass mirror . Just now the room was  serving  as a bedroom .   
Examples: Agreements, conferences; some of these notes should be read and initialed by other participants Anything about which you may have to testify later Employment record, including dates, duties, salary, names of chiefs Dental record Ideas dealing with inventions or discoveries; for legal reasons these should be dated and also signed by a witness Medical records which may provide lifesaving information Speeches you have made Tax records Some of the notes in this classification may turn out to be so valuable in the future that they might well be stored in a fire-resistant cabinet, or safe, along with investment and insurance records. The written reminder does more than  serve  as a substitute for remembering.   
Bank records show that Lake Resources deposited an estimated $200,000 directly into FDN accounts in October 1985. They also show it also  served  as a conduit of money to support a secret Contra arms-supply operation overseen by Col. North in 1985 and 1986.   
She wore a full black shirt down to the tops of her muddy boots and a white blouse covered by a large rust wool scarf folded into a triangle and thrown over her shoulders so that it covered her back down to the waist . The points of the long sides were tucked into a brown velvet sausage roll that held her together and  served  as a money belt and carryall .   
For some segments of the population , status , success , and drinking go hand in hand . It is as true in professional circles as in blue-collar groups that alcohol  serves  as a symbol of prestige to many people .   
It does not mean that we are going to prescribe quotas or numerical standards which a community must meet . " This year Romney asked Congress for legislation placing limitations on zoning , which has widely  served  as an instrument of housing segregation , intentional or unintentional .   
She wished she had not started this . It had led nowhere , supplied no answers ,  served  no purpose other than to hurl her back to the first dreadful , fantastic questions .   
The church , no less squalid than the rest of the building , still had a roof . Without water or light or toilets , it  served  for quarantine .   
But the fallacy of judging the state of automation by such sophisticated developments is that the available menu of technology is unbalanced . It  serves  little purpose to buy the latest marvel in high-production machinery if its prolific output is simply going to pile up on the factory floor while the rest of the plant lags behind .   
Death and burial always took place on the same day . As a matter of fact , the only delay incurred between the two was the time needed to construct the box that  served  as the coffin .   
Though he is almost certain to join Messrs. McCarthy and Wallace in political retirement, Mr. Hart may  serve  a useful function in prying ajar an encrusted political process in which candidates endlessly debate only the crossing of t's and the dotting of i's in public policy.   
Both buildings were steel frames embedded in concrete, but the concrete was not expressed on the exterior. Steel I-beams painted black were applied to the facades to  serve  as window mullions and to provide vertical accents.   
" Did she say I was giving it up ? " " She takes it for granted now that it has  served  its purpose .   
After trying vainly to think of a way to persuade him that these mouse triplets were special, I went to the bedroom and considered the cupboard behind the cook stove. It surrounded the lower part of the chimney, took up a lot of space, was dark, smelly, impossible to clean, and didn't seem to  serve  any useful purpose.   
Dubbed Sir Koff-A-Lot, the specially made bear is popping up in recovery rooms nationwide. When hugged by patients who have undergone open-heart surgery, it  serves  as a pain-relieving splint.   
The terms of the Warsaw Pact committed the eight nations to go to war if any one of them was attacked during the next twenty years ; and they also gave the Soviet Union the right to station Red Army troops on the territory of the other member states . It soon became clear that the treaty had a double purpose , for it  served  as a bargaining point in Soviet dealings with the West , and it tightened the Communist hold on Eastern Europe .   
His mother, Frigga, shed so many tears over Baldur's death that they clustered on the sprig and turned into white berries. Determined that the parasite should never do evil again, Frigga declared that thereafter it should  serve  as a token of love rather than hate, and asked that all who passed beneath it kiss symbolically.   
Once European investors get used to the floating-rate securities and realize "they haven't been so bad after all," the investors may be willing to look at other kinds of offerings. "It  serves  as an excellent catalyst to introduce all sorts of mortgage products."   
On 24 June 1784 , Carl Theodor decreed a general prohibition of all secret societies ; Freemasons in Bavaria and the Palatinate obeyed at once , and the Illuminati were compelled to follow suit a year later . Weishaupt fled to his protector in Gotha , and in Bavaria that darkness set in again which  serves  every despotic government as the most favorable pre-condition for its rule .   
Beyond that, he says, improving the cultural scene makes Cheyenne "a more salable commodity" with prospective employees. Elsewhere, corporate patronage has  served  as a cultural stimulus.   
His musicians are 30 controllers who sit at four rows of gray computer consoles . The first row is known as " the trench , " because it  serves  as the front line for the whole operation .   
That it did not is due to an act of statesmanship by President John F. Kennedy and Congress in 1962 , making it possible for the nations of the world to share in the benefits of space communication , with no strings attached . The unprecedented offer led to the formation of the International Telecommunications Satellite Consortium ( Intelsat ) , a unique commercial venture which  serves  as a model of what international cooperation can , and should , be .   
In human behavior the parallels are shown by a whole list of words that can pass back and forth between the contexts of food and sex : appetite , hunger , satiated , starved . From the biological point of view , food ( nutrition )  serves  for the maintenance and development of the individual ; sex ( reproduction ) for the maintenance and development of the species or population .   
The tavern was old , built in 1644 , and stood on the same side of Main Street as Center Church . It not only  served  as inn and " victualing house " for travelers , but as post office and general gathering place for Hartford citizens .   
And that was just the beginning; in 1939, he put out "Finnegan's Wake," once and for all establishing a record for aesthetic perversity that seems secure against assault for as long as the Liffey shall run. That Joycean achievement -- an Irish intellectual mandarin's version of cockney rhyming slang, reinvented from the materials of myth, legend, most religions -- could (although it shouldn't)  serve  as well as the poetry of W.B. Yeats as an introduction to exported Irish literature for the common reader.   
But the move, disclosed in an unusual news release spelling out the existence of what was supposed to be a secret investigation by the commission's staff, indicates that the agency likely believes such violations are relatively frequent. Jeffrey Zuckerman, director of the FTC's bureau of competition, said in an interview that the announcement was intended to  serve  as a warning that the agency intends to punish those who fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust law.   
Mozart went farthest along the path of Italianate carefreeness in his Litaniae de venerabili altaris sacramento of March 1772 ( K. 125 ) , in which he took a work by his father as a model and surpassed it . The text actually  serves  only for private devotions ; but Leopold or Wolfgang nevertheless performed the work , or wished to perform it , in Munich in the Hour Service of New Year's Day , 1775 .   
" Gordon returned from each visit to the Far East with further acquisitions for what apparently was a most extraordinary private collection of rare Oriental art . Those who had glimpsed it reported that the chateau's library , which  served  as Gordon's private study , was an overpowering blend of medieval Gothic and centuries of Asian cultures .   
At dinner it is handy for sopping up gravy. Bread's greatest usefulness, of course, is at lunch time when, thanks to the invention of John Montagu, the fourth Earl of Sandwich, it  serves  well as an edible wrapper for the food one really wants to eat.   
That description summed up our attitude toward most girls . They  served  mainly as a sweetmeat to fill our sex appetites .   
She was scarcely half a thumb in height so they called her Thumbelina . An elegant polished walnut shell  served  Thumbelina as a cradle , the blue petals of a violet were her mattress and a rose leaf her coverlid .   
The Council , says the NATO Handbook in cleared and careful prose , " is playing an indispensable daily role as a forum and clearing house for the widest possible consultation between member governments . " But political consultation had never been the Council's main business ; until the mid-1960's the Permanent Representatives spent most of their time  serving  as the board of directors of the NATO defense system , itself a full-time job .   
The wide public acceptance of Aerobics indicates that these objectives have been at least partially achieved . The present volume  serves  a different purpose .   
It is a frank , intimate , day-by-day account of their gropings toward the truth concerning survival . The book  served  as an inspiration to Stewart Edward White , and he refers to it frequently in his own psychical works .   
In any case , America has not really stood between Japan and Communist China , and the incompleteness of the relationship between the two is basically because of Peking's intransigence and Japan's interest in Taiwan . Still , among the general public , Japan's unsatisfactory relationship with Communist China is blamed principally on the United States and  serves  as a major strain in the relations between the two countries .   
Taverns were the way stations for the stagecoaches that were beginning to link the colonies together . There were no hotels , so the upstairs rooms of the grogshop  served  for the traveler who had to stay overnight to await the next stage .   
Building and housing plans are never fulfilled. Our prices and our monetary value relationships  serve  no purpose at all.   
It was to do with the situation we were in . ( An evasion which has  served  at many a top-brass crisis conference . )   
There were the spare oars, very true. They would  serve  as roof beams, but with what was I to cover them?   
The plan, drafted by Chairman Lawton Chiles (D., Fla.) of the Senate Budget Committee, would allow military spending to rise at a rate equal to inflation, but only if President Reagan agreed to an $18.3 billion tax increase also contained in the budget resolution. The Senate resolution must be reconciled with a House-passed plan that calls for an $18 billion tax increase, before it can  serve  as a guide to future congressional action.   
Superfluities in height were , however , more than accounted for by deficiencies in other respects . He was exceedingly thin ; and might , as his associates asserted , have answered , when drunk , for a pennant at the mast-head , or , when sober , have  served  for a jib-boom .   
Perhaps some corporations should be equally stubborn. That classic of science fiction, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, might well  serve  as a parable of the present-day predicament of science and technology.   
It has been fun writing about the home and its functions a mixture of so many unique ingredients and patterns. Many of them you, too, are aware of in your own homes, but let these  serve  as a reminder of the importance of a happy home life.   
"We've been extremely careful since Jack filed the (presidential) exploratory committee not to use these other entities in a way that would advance the presidential campaign," says Mr. Black, the campaign manager. The various Kemp committees  served  their purpose while they lasted.   
Plains Indian medicine men also wear unusual headdresses and elaborate costumes . One Blackfoot medicine man covered his body with the skin of a yellow bear , its head  serving  as a mask .   
Each of us has to follow his project through , for that is the discipline of manhood ; but we can be sure it will do nothing to improve the universe . It will have  served  no real purpose .   
Another method has been proposed which will utilize two orbiting satellites and thousands of balloons suspended in the upper atmosphere. Each balloon will  serve  as an automated weather observer, reporting its findings to the orbiting satellites.   
In the heat of a May afternoon , thousands of Navy men poured over the bridge into the well-kept garrison of Tromoey , which had been a German coast-artillery base for years . Our enlisted men were billeted in barracks ; Fred and I joined a group of officers and took over a neat farmhouse that had  served  as a club .   
The lieutenant-governor has his office in the bedroom where Queen Liluokalani was imprisoned . Whenever the legislature is not in session , the first floor of Iolani Palace  serves  as a museum of the monarchy .   
An area that cannot be reached is obviously not being put to use . On the other hand , one reached too easily becomes a mere " resort " to which people flock for purposes just as well  served  by golf courses , swimming pools , and summer hotels .   
It was Friday-night crowded, which was the reason Rick had chosen it. His fire-red Triumph was parked a block away; Heavy's station wagon would  serve  for the evening's foray.   
In a desperate effort to break this stranglehold , the Confederates tried building submarines , which they called David boats . Using iron plates that had once  served  as part of steam boilers aboard river paddle-wheel boats , several experimental submarines were built .   
In the pure telepathy test there was no object or objective record for the agent or sender to look at; nothing but the mental image or thought of an object. In clairvoyance tests no one knew which object had been selected to  serve  as target until the time of the checkup.   
In 1850 Philadelphia Quaker Josiah White died , leaving a legacy for the establishment of schools in Iowa and Indiana . White's Institutes  served  for a decade or so as boarding schools for promising Indian students .   
What do they really want to do? What purpose do the results  serve ?   
" What are they doing in B Flight's hangar , Bridesman ? " he said . The cigarette pack lay on the packing case which  served  for a table between the two cots .   
We did not cultivate tobacco , but found it growing wild . This we cut and cured in autumn , but if the supply ran out the leaves from the stalks left standing  served  our purpose .   
He agreed , looking shrewdly ahead , to supply some of the illustrations , and Scribner's agreed to spend $2,000 on its own hook for others . All of these were to become Powell's property as soon as they had  served  their purpose in the magazine .   
The Russians took note of this with a good deal of satisfaction and immediately requested the use of the Ceylonese port of Trincomalee . During the Second World War this excellent port  served  as a base for many Anglo-American operations in the Indian Ocean and at one time was one of the Allies' principal bases .   
It was near Twenty-first Street over on Ninth Avenue , one of those decaying Chelsea blocks that look as though they've been dipped in wet soot , and except for a couple of dreary bars that kept stubborn closing hours , the laundromat was the only place open . When it had been a pet shop a few years back the laundromat's smeared plate-glass window might have  served  some useful purpose such as giving the puppies a view of the street .   
Finally, with the passage of the 14th Amendment in 1868 and its extension as a control over the states in our own century, the substantive good often gained by allowing governors discretion in these matters has become less imperative. However, while it is still around, reflection upon Dennison can  serve  as antidote to two blinding prejudices, pervasive among students and faculty, that I've encountered as a teacher of constitutional law.   
Young Quantz lived for seven years with Uncle Justus and his son-in-law , Adam Fleischhack , being trained not only in violin-playing , but also mastering the oboe , trumpet , cornet , and trombone , and studying composition . He heard Antonio Vivaldi's violin concertos for the first time in Pirna ; they made a great impression on the young man , and later  served  him as models for his own compositions .   
Green Party deputy Otto Schily, for instance, suggests a "Mitteleuropa" peace union that would lead to the gradual dissolution of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact. The two Germanys and their neighbors would  serve  as an East-West "buffer zone" in this neutralization process.   
It had a high , vaulted ceiling , random-width floorboards , and a huge stone fireplace where four or five big logs were beginning to blaze . Overhead , an open balcony lined with bunks evidently  served  as a dormitory .   
The final movement is introduced by a kind of darkly heroic cavatina of the first violin and then turns to G major, but it is the disconsolate major that Mozart utilizes in so many of his last works. The theme of this Rondo seems somewhat too trivial to  serve  as the resolution of the three preceding movements, and creates a slight shock each time it reappears after the " episodes."   
Adds Howard Sinclair-Jones, executive director of the Ontario Council of Agencies  Serving  Immigrants, "Canada is shortsighted in assuming only people with money make an economic contribution." But proponents of the new funds say they serve a useful purpose.   
We have over 300 different titles, ranging from How To Lick a Mole (garden variety) to How To Grow Nuts in Your Backyard (sometimes it's easy to go nuts!). These leaflets  serve  two purposes: they give readers information for their green thumb library, and they help us answer letters.   
You've got the shutters down." Myung-Sik Chung, president of South Korea's Pohang Iron & Steel Co., agrees: "They (quotas) were necessary to give the U.S. steel industry time to restructure, and now they have  served  their purpose."   
They may each be used slowly, as when the engine is idling or the body is in the basal state, or they may be used at a rapid rate, as when the car is racing or the individual is exercising. They both represent the balance between energy acquired and energy expended, and  serve  as a reserve store of energy. Fatty tissue provides such an efficient way to store energy that all animals tend to deposit greater or lesser amounts of it within their bodies to serve this vital function.   
The Select Committee, he had heard, was composed of old China hands, supercargoes who knew the language and customs. Its function was to  serve  as an agency between the Indiamen and the Hong merchants, arranging for a commission, the purchase and sale of goods and the payment of customs duties imposed by the Emperor.   
" The downtown theatre , the Avon , had once been a home for touring plays and musical comedies . After that it had  served  as the local movie house .   
Among other things, the broader coverage reflects Ms. Karpatkin's personal interests. Each week on a New York radio show, she  serves  as the liberal counterweight to Mobil Corp.'s outspoken public relations man, Herbert Schmertz.   
The board also removed Jerold C. Hoffberger, an outside director, as chairman of the company's executive committee, a position he had long held, according to sources close to the company. Mr. Fthenakis was then installed as chairman of the committee that in the past had  served  as a sounding board for management.   
He puffed energetically until his face grew red , blowing the skin up like a bellows that helped to smelt the tin . But the stream of air , instead of  serving  some useful purpose , was blown through a hollow length of bone that had been pierced with a row of holes .   
Here they became reindeer herdsmen and used their dogs to herd and guard the reindeer . The dogs also  served  as pets and draft animals , pulling sledges .   
Airlines lay out their cabins differently, and Delta Force sharpshooters needed to practice with TWA's exact layout before bursting into the hijacked plane. The borrowed jet would also  serve  as a Trojan horse of sorts.   
When he wasn't around, I even practiced catching a ball behind my back, although I didn't dare let him catch me at it. It was only a stunt, and he would say that stunts like that would  serve  no good purpose during a real baseball game.   
Nobody can do anything out here. I'm just the guy who decides that whatever happens, you and I will keep the law off the broad because putting the law to the broad would  serve  no purpose in this case."   
The FAA's supply-side proposals do not address this demand condition. We can start by raising landing and takeoff fees, for example, until they  serve  as market-clearing prices.   
Half the structure was laid waste. Until then the 2,134-year-old building had  served  continuously as a temple, a church and a mosque, presumably under a sound roof.   
The system has lost $4.8 billion since 1985 alone, and starting today the House will be debating a bailout package to keep the 71-year-old system afloat. In return for their support for the bailout, the banking and insurance industries are demanding creation of a government-sponsored entity called "Farmer Mac," which would  serve  as a secondary loan market in farm mortgages.   
Through much of the last century, RJR has hired entire families, and provided them with low-cost housing, day care, even band concerts and baseball games. It was RJR, or its founders, who helped give Winston-Salem a center for the arts, influenced Wake Forest University to come to the city and raised a building so striking -- the tobacco company's headquarters built in 1929 -- it  served  as a model for New York's famed Empire State Building.   
The following instructions and procedures are suggested in teaching and learning the higher level skilled strokes, such as: The instruction may be conducted with or without the aid of floating devices. This procedure will  serve  as a guide to conform to the all-stroke Armbruster method of teaching beginners in the area of the highly skilled swimming strokes.   
Seeks stories that the child 8 to 12 will eagerly read, and the child 2 to 6 will like to hear when read to him. " We print no stories just to be read aloud; they must  serve  a two-fold purpose.   
Its force gouged out deep bays and inlets which provide excellent sheltered ports at Emden, Wilhelmshaven, Bremerhaven and Hamburg. The Forden (fjords) on Schleswig-Holstein's Baltic coast  serve  a similar purpose, and the ports of Kiel, Lubeck and Travemunde are connected with the mouth of the Elbe by the Kiel Canal.   
They also account for a good bit of Taiwan's disproportionately large expenditures for its military establishment. The islands thus  serve  only as an irritant to the Communists and a smoldering fire that might rekindle a broader conflagration.   
Even after years of marriage, many couples have never developed an understanding of each other's viewpoint, much less a way to resolve the differences. Would a discussion of "having sex" versus "making love" and "man the master" versus "equal rights for women"  serve  any purpose in your household?   
Can you find any place on the globe which cannot be connected to one of the balls? Could two satellites  serve  the same purpose?   
Chilean films, for example heretofore completely unknown beyond the national borders may no longer remain so, if one may judge from three examples screened at the recent Uruguayan festival, " Cinema of the Third World. " There are obviously many young cineastes at work in Chile especially in the documentary field and perhaps Allende's coming to power may  serve  as a spur.   
Their touch and glance were light, as if they were afraid of the bruises they'd left. They seemed to be searching for an attitude that would  serve , and as they searched a little humor got in it, and a little pain.   
" And you know, if you know this city, that my policy is maximum security, maximum police presence, minimum force. " I hope my remarks at this session  serve  as a sober warning to those who have come here: you are welcome as long as you don't disrupt.   
If you adore adorning your clothes with hemstitching, embroidery, and similar frills, you'll want the machine with all the features and find it easy enough to operate if you're motivated to spend some time in reading the instruction book and practicing the operating techniques it describes. But, if your taste runs to interesting fabric textures and simplicity of line, the simpler models will  serve  your purposes and save your money.   
The farmhouse itself was well constructed , with wide board floors and a roof of hand-split wood shingles . As in log-cabin days the kitchen  served  as the family living room , with iron and copper kettles and cooking utensils hanging in place about the spacious fireplace .   
It was not uncommon, say 30 years ago, to see light harness horses pulling plows or harrows. In fact, there are still some sections of the country where light harness horses  serve  as general-purpose horses on small farms.   
The English guinea pig is a short-haired type . In modern times the guinea pig has  served  as a valuable laboratory animal , both for medical and biological research .   
After all, Communist Yugoslavia did increase its own options with the adoption of cosmetic and never-ending "democratization." As such, it has  served  as a Trojan horse for communism in the Third World. (Egypt's Nasser emulated Tito by setting up political entities under government control, while Daniel Ortega is only following the Yugoslav 1945-1950 recipe for consolidating Marxist power.)   
Congress has asked it to suggest ways to provide health care for the homeless. The Social Security Administration wants it to figure out whether physical pain can be measured with sufficient precision to  serve  as a basis for disability payments.   
If these questions have enabled you to relive some of your past experiences, you may have felt again the joy or despair you felt then. If you still feel the same way you felt when you had these experiences, they can  serve  as clues to the strength of your various needs.   
But the Pilgrims were skeptical, especially when the Dutch asked s5 ($12^50) a fathom for these strings of white and purple beads. Fashioned of periwinkle and quahog shells, they seemed merely to  serve  a decorative purpose and to fall into the class of " gay apparel, " something not to be encouraged even among the Indians.   
In a May 5, 1986, article, Pravda set forth the doctrinal basis for the Soviet state's continued total control of the media and the subordination of factual reporting to the objectives of the state: "The party considers television, radio, and the press as a powerful instrument of publicity and social control. . . . True to Leninist precepts, the Soviet press  serves  as a collective propagandist, agitator and organizer of the masses."   
Weston's men were interfering with the Pilgrims' trade , inflating prices by offering the Indians almost anything for a hatful of corn . The attack  served  the triple purpose of eliminating this harmful competition , getting rid of the troublesome Wituwamat , who had defied Standish , and quelling the Indian unrest caused by Wessagusset's plan to attack them .   
" It would avail nothing. That would  serve  no purpose.   
From this information he could identify the object . Your skin  serves  your body as the sense organ for the sense of touch .   
It was a large , square room with wainscoted walls and a fine crystal chandelier . Against one of the walls , two bridge tables covered with a cloth  served  as a buffet .   
So here, too, one can see the myopia that afflicts the public vision. One of the key values of social-science research is that it can help  serve  as a corrective lens for the " common sense " beliefs through which the public views society.   
In Acadian Louisiana the term was commonplace for Christmas gifts until recent years , and is still heard occasionally . In Rome , strenae  served  as good-luck charms .   
They continued until 1907 . The quartet was distinguished for its unembellished classical interpretation of Beethoven's entire chamber music output and has  served  as a model ever since .   
At the same time, Western-state senators said the budget panel's plan discriminated against them by raising grazing fees and timber-clearing costs. The goal, members said, is to devise a document that can  serve  as a statement of priorities for the Democratic Party and that also can win the support of 51 of its 54 members in the 100-seat Senate.   
A severe earthquake in one part of the Pacific Basin can make a shock wave that is like dropping the biggest rock you can imagine into the very full dishpan of the sea . The eddies travel out as fast as the speed of sound , until they reach an obstacle that  serves  as the edge of the dishpan .   
Republicans, in the minority on the House-Senate conference, refused to assent to the document. The resolution, which doesn't require the president's signature, would  serve  as a framework for appropriations and tax-writing panels.   
However, fragments of bison and antelope bones indicate here, as in other places, that the Folsom spearmen usually hunted the straight-horned bison typical of the time. Dawson picked out several places near Rio Rancho where cutbanks and low stony ridges might  serve  as a hiding place for the hunters.   
But it does not give you reasonable assurance of permanent employability throughout your lifetime. And so while it can  serve  as a useful stepping stone, it should not be considered to be more than that.   
Ling-Ling ambled out of her crate, sniffed tentatively, roamed about her new apartment, and seemed satisfied. Hsing-Hsing, less of an extrovert, promptly retreated to the dark alcove that would  serve  as his den.   
Also, it is less difficult and hazardous to anchor to the bottom of the sea. Link believes that wherever divers may be engaged in underwater operations for prolonged periods, SPID can  serve  as a dry shelter from their labors.   
Corporate lawyers planning mergers "are going to be reading these guidelines," Mr. Van de Kamp said, and "they're going to have to take us into account." The guidelines will  serve  "as a catalyst, a spur to increase enforcement" of antitrust laws, said New York Attorney General Robert Abrams, a persistent critic of the administration and, like Mr. Van de Kamp, a Democrat.   
The cross at Herod rises at the meeting of two walls of coarse workmanship , without mortar , at the edge of the road . An irregular block has been propped up , and its rounded shape  serves  as a pedestal .   
I did not know this house . In youth it had been Ernesta who in summer visited Aunt Cecilia and  served  as painter's model in the studio down the hill .   
Critics of the administration noted that many of the president's proposals are recycled from previous budgets. "It's the same old bag of tricks," complained Gary Bass, executive director of OMB Watch, a liberal-leaning group that  serves  as a self-styled "watchdog" of the Office of Management and Budget.   
So are five other W.R. Grace directors and countless present and former officers and aides. Many  serve  as links in Mr. Grace's philanthropic network.   
The newly formed cells in the root tip form tissues of different kinds. Some tissues in a root  serve  as tubes carrying water and minerals in the water to the leaves of a plant.   
Most divers in island waters carry a long line on which to string their catch . The end of this line is tied to an empty plastic bleach bottle , which  serves  as a buoy to keep the line floating so the diver can tow his catch a safe distance behind .   
Many times, as a part of their ceremonies, they placed things in the soil, such as dead animals. These dead animals did  serve  as natural fertilizers, but in most cases the natural environment was just right for farming, regardless of what the priests did.   
Texas Air has been the subject of criticism for its high debt, but unlike United can compensate for the high carrying costs because it has much lower wage scales. It wasn't immediately clear whether the recapitalization plan also violated certain maximum debt provisions of the company's recent aircraft financing arrangement with Seattle-based Boeing Co., which was designed to  serve  partly as an anti-takeover measure and involved the issuance of $700 million of notes.   
Fish helped me make the costumes , and Amanda made a sword out of cardboard and tinfoil . The play was performed in the garage , the Cave  serving  as the wings , and Mother and Daddy and Fish and Barrett and Mr. and Mrs. Wallace were the audience .   
The water, of course, is needed by a plant to produce the food that it must have. As the roots grow to a water source, they  serve  another useful purpose.   
For over a year the Kings had been sending , through the agency of Madame Blavatsky , letters to Olcott and other spiritualists . While the Tuitit Bey letter was doubtless just a momentary inspiration , it  served  Madame's purpose admirably .   
Some experts disagree, however. Michael McConnell, another University of Chicago law professor, argues that, "The Senate can only  serve  as a check on abuse by the president."   
This of course hardly explains adult play , except that adults may need to rehearse activities too . Another explanation is that play  serves  as a release for surplus energy an idea that any human parent can understand .   
Lacking a new approach, the governments -- especially the U.S. -- have been unwilling to risk convening a G-7 meeting whose results would be subject to intense market scrutiny. A joint statement, reaffirming the principles of the Louvre pact, if not its details, could  serve  as a holding action until a major plan can be developed next year to overhaul or replace the February agreement.   
" Yes , and why not ? Fighting stock  serves  best for that purpose economically .   
But the materials would require time to prepare , leaving the Vanda unsheltered . A garage would have  served  for a night or two , but Herman owned no garage .   
The decision is subject to approval by the Internal Revenue Service. Under the arrangement, Puget Power would be allowed to transfer as much as $100 million in accumulated deferred investment tax credits into non-utility accounts, where the funds will  serve  as a non-cash supplement to earnings for the next three years.   
Mr. Nelson, who is related to two senior Care Enterprises officials, owns about 10% of Care's Class A common and about 22% of its Class B common, representing a total of 1.8 million shares. The shares would  serve  as collateral for the loan.   
A Cayman Islands corporation believed to be controlled by Richard Miller, the conservative publicist, funneled private money to Nicaraguan insurgents and to a Panamanian firm the National Security Council used in its secret Iran-Contra operations. Bank records for the Contras' Nicaraguan Democratic Force (FDN) indicate that the corporation, Intel Co-Operation Inc.,  served  as a conduit for private contributions to the insurgents.   
By some estimates, only one in five patients fit into that category. However, billed charges also  serve  as a starting point for negotiations over discounts.   
I wondered , romantically , whether the Captain's wife had stood here watching for the first sight of his sails . There were widows' walks in many of the big houses along this coast ; this vantage point might have  served  the same purpose .   
Until the last century , the Hebrew language made use of alphabetic letters both for spelling and for numerical notation . The first letter of the Hebrew alphabet " alef , " also  served  as the numeral 1 . The second letter , " bet , " served also as 2 , and so on .   
Some daydreaming on a conscious level is useful as a healthy release from the tensions of daily life. It may  serve  too as an incentive and stimulate the daydreamer on to greater achievement.   
He quickly dropped the felony charges. The radio equipment was destroyed, so "no further governmental purpose would be  served  by pursuing the criminal charges," he said.   
Mr. Kawamura says that, in the current turbulent era, he has little patience for the traditional Japanese management style in his own company. It's in the elite Japanese government ministries where the traditional bottom-up style flourishes unabated, and has  served  as a trend setter for big-company bureaucracies.   
"Japan has to recognize that (its) economy is exceedingly vulnerable," Mr. Shultz said. The remarks, while similar to comments that Mr. Shultz and other cabinet members have made in the past,  served  as a new warning to Japan that it must take steps to reduce its huge trade surplus.   
Even then , Malcolm's eloquence was evident with all the polish and the finesse he later was to use , rapier-like , to reduce his opponents to ineffective apologists for the status quo . As he continued unfolding his talk to convince me of the worth of the Muslim movement , his words  served  as a bewitching point , transfixing me .   
The system was designed to aid PDP-11 users in developing and executing a broad spectrum of software programs . While a program is under development , the system  serves  as a software interface with the programs being written .   
Some researchers feel , however , that it does not offer anything that cannot presently be done more economically and efficiently in other ways . As a news medium , for example , it  serves  no real purpose .   
The back portion of the head below the ears should ride under the surface . The head in this position  serves  as a rudder .   
Rubinstein found a cottage for his family in the little village of Saint-Nicholas-de-Veroce. He rented the only upright piano in the village and put it in a windowless garage that would  serve  as a studio.   
Discard those ideas which are least useful. Ideas which remain may  serve  as headings in your outline and should help you develop the tone and tempo of your theme.   
They would never be dragged out to be shown to friends or business acquaintances . In fact , they  served  no useful purpose whatsoever other than to add to the basement clutter .   
Not all of the volunteers are sighted blind people are able to dial a telephone, too. Kindred hobbies and interests  serve  as a basis for the newly developed friendships.   
But nearly all document the beneficial effect aerobics has had on their lives. It has been impossible to respond to all of these letters, so I hope that this book will in some way  serve  as a means of communicating with dedicated aerobics fans everywhere.   
Lacking domestic venture capital , Arevalo organized the Instituto de Fomento de la Produccion in 1948 to capitalize economic development with government funds . Although initially a financing agency , INFOP has also  served  as a development corporation that conducts surveys of the economy , makes plans for future development projects , and manages governmental interests in numerous economic activities .   
The programming techniques used to implement computer-based systems satisfy this definition . But we must remember that a purpose is practical if it  serves  any useful function .   
Displacement , identification and projection are other versions of compensation . Displacement is the transfer of an emotion from the original object or person to which it might more naturally be directed to another object or person which  serves  as an acceptable alternate .   
The interrelation between the solidarity of march and hymn and the solitariness of the blues is more subtly evident in Chimes Blues ( 15 ) . The tune itself is a twelve-bar blues , but the improvisatory choruses create an A B C D C structure that comes straight from march music , with strain D  serving  as trio .   
" The Cap'n has him quartered in the Treasury Building ! " Under emergency conditions , the cellar of the Treasury Department then  served  as an officers' remount stable .   
But more important, by his reactions to her sexual blandishments, it had tried to gauge his devotion to his family. Only if he truly cared for them could they  serve  as effective hostages.   
Embryogen just in recent weeks contracted with Upjohn Co., the big Kalamazoo, Mich.-based drug maker, to work on genetically altered laboratory animals, Mr. Holtzman said. The goal is to develop such animals as mice that have conditions similar to human ailments and that can  serve  as experimental models and test animals for human drugs.   
Other towns of that day , like Salem or Newburyport or New Bedford , perhaps more prosperous , perhaps more worldly , sometimes have a more elegant architecture : but the plans and scale of all speak of orderly societies whose enormously independent builders contrived to produce individual houses that did not contradict the whole . What they built looked well in many landscapes ,  served  efficiently in many climates , could be built of many materials , permitted a good amount of adaptation .   
American diplomats say China's increasing criticism of U.S. foreign policy and growing receptiveness to Soviet overtures are part of Peking's efforts to find middle ground where it can best manipulate the three-way relationship. One senior British diplomat says the Chinese are turning the strategic triangle into a seesaw: The feuding superpowers sit at the ends and China stands in the middle, manipulating the balance by moving closer to one side or the other, depending on what course  serves  it best at the moment.   
So the Lunar Module became a two-stage spacecraft in which each stage has its own propulsion system . The descent stage , once its job is done , is uncoupled and left behind on the moon , while the ascent stage  serves  as the ferry to the rendezvous point .   
These physicists are more-or-less right, of course, but none of this is news to anyone following SDI, let alone to the office conducting the research. In reading the 424-page report (available for $200), we couldn't help but wonder what purpose is  served  by having 17 physicists with other full-time jobs trying to second-guess the Pentagon's multibillion dollar, 2,000-person-strong SDI effort.   
But size alone doesn't fully describe Nomura's growing importance in the major leagues of world finance. It also  serves  as a principal agent in the recycling of Japan's enormous buildup of wealth.   
Used responsibly, any of them can be tremendously helpful. Intellectuals  serve  a vital function.   
Once the basic cubicle is constructed , rock and dirt are piled around and over the structure with an opening left at the top for a skylight , which is the only window . The skylight is sometimes covered with ordinary window glass , but more often the translucent membrane of a walrus stomach  serves  the purpose quite well .   
As previously reported, Santa Clara, Calif.-based Intel last month terminated a 10-year licensing agreement with Advanced Micro after that company charged that Intel had violated the so-called second-source pact by withholding licenses for its 80386 microprocessor and 8087 co-processor chips. The 80386 chip is Intel's latest and most powerful microprocessor and  serves  as the brain of personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and their clones.   
The arm in this position closely resembles a boomerang. The hand and forearm are swept downward and  serve  as a base of anchorage for the shoulder to be pulled forward over them.   
The flabbergasted teen backed off. More often, Mr. Pritchard's comedy  served  as a counseling tool.   
In the next , darkness seemed to well up out of the ground , returning the gorge to its primeval past . The boys were glad enough then to sit around the fire with the Kikuyu , or join their parents in the three-sided thatched shelter that  served  as workroom and dining room combined .   
Morgan Stanley, a 1983 insider-trading suit in which no damages were awarded, presents an obstacle. But some lawyers say that decision was too narrow to  serve  as a precedent for many of the current cases.   
Few books on this subject present as wide a range of empirical data and as unbiased an inventory of prevailing opinion. Its very ambiguity and inconclusiveness  serve  as a healthy corrective to the recurrent attempts by both friends and foes of the multinational corporation to portray it as a homogeneous force for good or for evil.   
This has led to the belief that the regions below the sea floor must contain deposits of the same minerals found beneath the land masses. The underwater vehicle, equipped with sensitive detecting devices, could  serve  as the ideal tool for exploring and surveying potentially rich mineral areas.   
He didn't specify an amount. NBD expects an early-January completion of the sale of Cirrus Systems Inc., the nation's largest shared network of bank automated-teller machines, to MasterCard International Inc. NBD, which  serves  as the nationwide switch for Cirrus, is one of six banks that share in its ownership and agreed to the sale, valued at about $38 million.   
But the dissents cloud the prospects for approval of the recommendations. Although the report may have trouble with factions in the ABA, it still may  serve  as a catalyst for action on Capitol Hill and in state legislatures because it proposes changes that are more moderate than those debated last year.   
Meanwhile, Illinois suggested using the "Tevatron" particle injector at its existing Fermi lab to save about $400 million on the new project. The Fermi particle accelerator, currently the world's largest, would  serve  as the foundation for the new facility, Illinois said.   
Sometimes brandy , oranges , and lemons were added for flavor . It  served  as a kind of substitute for sherry and Madeira .   
The play opened with a set of waltzes for orchestra played under the opening scene : a whirling carousel in a gay amusement park . The score was filled with all kinds of other orchestral episodes and interludes , sometimes heard under the dialogue , sometimes used to tie one sequence to the next , sometimes  serving  as a kind of offstage commentary .   
As the Tomcat finished its landing and taxied back toward the buildings, it was clear the crucial test had been a triumph. The Tomcats will  serve  as " bodyguards " for our aircraft carriers, those seagoing airfields that are so essential to the safety of our nation.   
Secondly, there is increasing evidence that some of the missing millions generated by the Iran arms sales may have disappeared into the pockets of Iranian officials. The tapes would indicate if U.S. officials knew of any such arrangement and whether any kickbacks to Iranian officials were intended to  serve  as ransom for U.S. hostages in Lebanon.   
Among many tribes , each coup earned an eagle's feather , which accounted for the elaborate headdresses of some of the Plains war leaders . Scalps taken from dead or wounded enemies sometimes  served  as trophies , but they were insignificant compared with counting coups .   
It felt that the government should stimulate coffee production as a means of financing further diversification of agriculture. To this end, Guatemala should consider the reorganization of the Fincas Nacionales and have them  serve  as model experiments that private coffee growers might imitate.   
Brazil is seeking a rapid accord with the International Monetary Fund that would  serve  as a basis for debt talks with international banks and the Paris Club of Western creditor governments.   
Neither Mexico City nor Cuzco was founded by the Spaniards : the conquerors simply occupied the Indian capitals and gradually replaced the native constructions with edifices of European style . In Cuzco , part of the ancient construction sometimes  served  as a foundation for the new .   
The United States had it , too . For the Erie at once  served  as the principal highway for the most thickly populated and richest part of the country .   
For the past sixty years Quaker legislators had been dodging the issue by voting money " for the Queen's use " or " for the King's use " or " for the purchase of Bread, Beef, Pork, Flour, Wheat, and other Grain " when money for defense was demanded. This time however no subterfuge would  serve .   
Such sites exist in normal cells, too, but they are normally covered up and appear only during cell division. Burger has proposed that surface alterations in dividing cells, both normal and cancerous,  serve  as signals that set off synthesis of DNA in the nucleus.   
Buyout analysts also look at two other ratios: equity value to earnings and equity value to after-tax cash flow (net income plus depreciation and deferred taxes). "In taking this three-pronged approach, we find that each estimate  serves  as a check on the others," says Paul Farrell, an analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co.   
In a corner, on a second pile of hay, Mike Kelly and Mark lay side by side, sound asleep. Kelly had the rifle cradled in his left arm; his right was stretched beneath Mark's brown head to  serve  as a pillow.   
Such vital drugs as quinine cost $100 an ounce , and as a result of these outrageous prices , doctors and surgeons had to find substitutes for the medicines or instruments they could no longer get . Cottonseed and willow bark substituted for quinine ; American hemlock replaced opium ; a mixture of hops and motherwort  served  instead of laudanum .   
The company's subcontractors must also provide employment offers to its laid-off miners, according to the agreement. Describing the agreement as "a giant first step" toward achieving the union's goals of job opportunity and economic security for its members, Richard L. Trumka, the union's president, said it " serves  as a model for the kind of cooperation that can exist between the coal industry and the union."   
The SEC economists concluded that trying to end the price run-up is dangerous. "Legitimate research gives some traders informational advantages and their earnings  serve  as compensation for their efforts," the report says.
It was conceived as having a function somewhat akin to that of the House of Lords , allowing for moderation and " second thoughts " on the part of the federal government and the lower house . Working beyond the glare of publicity , the Bundesrat has  served  its purposes well .   
Recent events in the Persian Gulf  serve  as a timely reminder that the font of all problems in the Middle East is not the Likud bloc in Israel's government.   
When passing over an expanse of water, it becomes necessary to employ kegs of copper or wood, filled with liquid ballast of a lighter nature than water. These float, and  serve  all the purposes of a mere rope on land.   
During the sprint crawl stroke the hips remain level. They  serve  as a base for the articulations of the legs.   
The Junior High School's message was , " We're watching you ; we're onto your tricks ; just step out of line for one second and see how long it takes for the roof to fall in on you . " It could have  served  as a model for the regulations of a maximum security prison run for exceptionally dangerous offenders .   
In order to give Bernard some kind of meals to save the cost at the Wimpy Bar... and myself, I, with a background of thirty years of springing, galloping housekeepers have to get out the soap and water myself, then a knife and finally paint and brushes, and rip through dozens of shopping bags full of refuse for the lift. It turns out to be true that blokes are not angels, let alone clean angels, while their girls  serve  only one purpose.   
How did armies develop? c How did artisans come into existence? What needs did they  serve ?   
Stanley Kravetz, president of Marlboro, Mass.-based Frye, wouldn't comment on the talks. The acquisition of closely held Frye would fit with Reebok's strategy of diversifying its product line beyond soft-leather aerobic shoes, which  served  as the springboard for its phenomenal growth.   
Excess liquidity now goes to equities, not to commodities. To end this financial disorder and the world-wide trend to protectionism, we face the following choice: either fixed exchange rates based on key currencies convertible directly to gold, a true international gold standard (we could keep saying "or some other commodity," but monetary authorities have accumulated over a billion ounces of gold, not platinum or pork bellies or baskets of goods); or, as some propose, we could entrust our fate to a World Central Bank -- a monetary United Nations -- whose credit would  serve  as reserves for all national central banks, including the Federal Reserve.   
It's time to take a look at bubble buildings . You see them around : sitting over somebody's swimming pool in the suburbs , or covering a tennis court , or in a factory yard  serving  as a storage shed .   
Daniel let a few minutes pass before he emerged. He walked casually along the sidewalk to the open end of the street and noticed that the house on the corner had a high hedge to  serve  as a wall between itself and the avenue.   
In many cases, employers use tests as an aid in determining aptitude clerical tests for general office workers, finger dexterity tests for light assembly workers, and so on. Such tests often  serve  as a tryout performance, in which the applicant has a chance to demonstrate his ability.   
The pact must be submitted to Congress by Oct. 5 if it is to comply with a "fast-track" procedure for congressional ratification. The U.S. has hoped that a trade agreement with Canada would  serve  as a model for more liberal trading relationships with other countries.   
He meets with many of the 6000 visitors who come to study Human Resources School and Abilities , Inc. , each year . He also travels the globe to explain the success of Abilities , which has  served  as a model for similar projects in some 60 foreign countries .   
For all the blood and treasure spilled and spent on the Egyptian expedition of 1798-9 , the net results in terms of territorial , economic , or diplomatic advantage to France proved to be absolutely zero . But , for once , a foolish war  served  a good purpose .   
We must abolish the Electoral College . This curious institution  serves  no creative purpose , but is calculated to produce chicanery , fraud and uncertainty .   
" Aliza, who has been listening, begins to interrupt him, but he goes on. " Yet I think the k-kibbutz can still  serve  a purpose.   
Progressive construction contracts are most often used when the owner finances the property with construction loans . If the land is owned free and clear , it  serves  as equity for a mortgage loan which pays for the building costs in progressive stages .   
Mr. Iacocca will chair the institute's advisory board once the institute is established. Lehigh said the institute will study America's competitiveness; conduct research on productivity and the political and economic environment in which American industry operates, and " serve  as a clearinghouse for studies of industrial problems and policies."   
He never said , Thank you . It was as if Maris weren't a person , who'd done him a kindness , but merely a language gadget , which had  served  its purpose .   
I remember one summer in particular because there was at least some excitement during a particular rainy weekend . All the parents had disappeared into their rooms after lunch and all the children had assembled in the dining hall which also  served  as a ballroom and was used for concerts and other festive occasions .   
Deep Diver can also lay, inspect, and maintain underwater communications cables. For salvage operations this small work submersible could  serve  not only as an excellent base for scuba divers to work from, but also as a transport for carrying salvaged items to the surface.   
Members of a prosperous family and most seem to be prospering repair half a dozen times a year to the photographer's studio to celebrate the latest event. A betrothal, a wedding, christening, first communion, birthday, anniversary, first tooth, first menstruation, new pregnancy almost anything will  serve  as a pretext.   
An AFB staff specialist on personal adjustment was assigned to coordinate the project and the next year, 1966, he surveyed agencies throughout the country and Canada to secure data about the subject. This data, which included suggested priorities and methods for developing techniques, was to  serve  as the frame around which methods and activities were to be developed.   
Through scattering raindrops they hurried to the Commons , or pasture grounds , of the city . Benjamin waited inside a shed that  served  as a shelter from bad weather .   
But they felt that war was something unclean . When a successful warrior returned bringing the four hairs of his enemy's head that  served  him for a scalp , he had to undergo the 16-day cure for insanity .   
The IFC, which will provide an $8.6 million loan and a $2.7 million equity investment in the Hungarian project, said financing arrangements for the venture "give an important signal" that Hungary wants to encourage foreign investment in the industrial sector of its economy. Other financing will be provided by Hungarian investors, including the Hage Cooperative, Hungary's grain trust and the Commercial & Credit Bank Ltd., which was established recently to  serve  as a Hungarian commercial bank.   
The railroad has functionally substituted for a new superhighway , while sparing Philadelphia the burden of the automobiles brought into town by such a highway . To put it another way , the railroad  serves  essentially as a remote downtown parking lot and conveyer system .   
I'm not sure what the boys are doing with their very tight trousers (I sometimes wonder how they manage to get into them), but they hardly seem to symbolize moral control. And then there are the modern bathing suits, skimpy, but also tight and these too hardly  serve  for either physical or moral support.   
Viewed anatomically , the human reproductive system was not overly complicated . In a female , from the upper corners of the uterus arose the twin fallopian tubes which  served  as connecting passageways between the uterus and the two ovaries .   
Shh. " The instant Angela Ravage opens the door of her hotel suite to admit us I see what a misrepresentation Quincy's account is, and that it must  serve  as some kind of protective mechanism.   
There are various theories about the function of play . One common idea is that it  serves  as rehearsal for adult activity .   
Under the arrangement, Washington Water will be allowed, over at least a three-year period, to transfer as much as $48.5 million in accumulated deferred investment tax credits into nonoperating income. The funds will  serve  as a non-cash supplement to earnings, which the company said will help offset a recent earnings decline and minimize any potential rate increases.   
Papers , broken glass and discarded clothing littered the Yard . The Superintendent's house showed the scars of having  served  as a billiard hall and saloon .   
Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. of New York and Fuji Bank & Trust Co. of Japan were co-managers of the 10-bank syndication. Morgan Guaranty will  serve  as the agent bank.   
Instead of having to stir the water manually , modern aku fishermen are aided by a sprinkler system , a fixed permanent installation around the stern of each vessel . The sprinkler  serves  the same purpose as did the Hawaiians' method of stirring the water by hand to keep it foamy , and thus fool the aku into thinking the hook is another mouthful of bait .   
In the area of Pap analysis, for example, lab technicians at federally certified labs aren't required to pass proficiency tests; it is the only common lab procedure for which such a test isn't required. Congress had hoped that the Clinical Laboratories Improvement Act would  serve  as a model for individual states to regulate labs not covered by federal rules.   
The proposal, by Chairman Lawton Chiles (D., Fla.), would trim the deficit by about $37 billion in fiscal 1988 and would reduce the deficit nearly to zero by fiscal 1991. An aide to Sen. Chiles said Democrats on the panel have reached "a general consensus on the rough shape and components" of a budget package, which essentially is the Chiles proposal and will  serve  as a starting point for budget-drafting sessions beginning today.   
He made it faultlessly and , at Modenis' gate , turned and called back , " You see , it was not necessary , Professor , but I thank you . " I went on to the shop that  served  as bus station and news stand , telephone office and agricultural agency headquarters .   
For that matter, old programs ought to be subject to tough scrutiny as well. Otherwise the government will surely fail to undertake some important new initiatives while it continues to pour money into efforts that  serve  little purpose.   
Encouraged by a successful seminar in Rome in 1965-1966, they organized a further seminar in London in 1967. They hoped that the experience gained could be consolidated and used to prepare documentation which might  serve  as a foundation from which similar courses could be organized in other countries.   
Bradford never referred to his wife again. The Mayflower sailed to Plymouth Harbor, and after further exploration the Pilgrims found two sites that might  serve .   
This technique may be applied without difficulty whatever the structure of the given theme . This simple kind of paraphrase  serves  a necessary function because , as we have seen , the literal statement of a theme is rarely satisfying on a musical level .   
In 1845 the Female Department of the New York Prison Association, under the leadership of a daughter, Abby Hopper Gibbons, founded the first halfway house for women prisoners in the world. Today the Isaac Hopper Home in New York continues to  serve  as a haven for recently paroled women and girls.   
Her cabin steps became the stairs to the bedroom loft. Her galley and wheelhouse were rolled into position, intact, to  serve  as shelters for the milch goats and chickens.   
Their love affairs with Victorian Gothic are commemorated on many college campuses today. Some of the buildings like Memorial Hall at Harvard and the Chancellor Green Library at Princeton have long since ceased to  serve  their original purposes and modern students perhaps too readily wish them ill.   
Philip Morris is even considering selling space to outside advertisers; it already ran an ad for Time magazine on a test basis in its winter 1987 issue. Besides publicizing cigarette brands, the Philip Morris magazine also  serves  as a soapbox.   
Buzkashi , the Afghan national sport , is sort of a primitive ancestor of polo and was allegedly brought to Afghanistan by Genghis Khan . It pits two teams of horsemen against each other with the beheaded body of a goat  serving  as the " ball . "   
In this , as in some other respects , we might as well extend the idea of " clothing " to include any attempt at improving on physical appearance : jewelry , cosmetics , tattooing , hair arrangement and the like . Clothing has also become deeply involved with sex ,  serving  sometimes for modest concealment and sometimes for display or advertisement .   
Most worldwide exports are sold through sales subsidiaries like Caterpillar Americas (a Western Hemisphere Trade Corporation); Caterpillar-Far East, a Hong-Kong-based company; or Caterpillar Overseas, S.A., a Swiss corporation. These subsidiaries provide Caterpillar with various tax benefits e.g., Caterpillar Americas pays U.S. taxes at only a 34 percent tax rate and they also  serve  as much-needed coordinators of the worldwide selling effort.   
For four blocks around the kidnap hideout , 1000 soldiers stood quietly , many with fixed bayonets , keeping curious crowds at a safe distance , while angle-parked buses blocked the streets to all but police cars . As part of the contingency plans for Operation Cordon , two nearby schools were closed , their playgrounds  serving  as landing pads for army helicopters .   
One of the biggest holders of BCI bonds was Drexel itself. Sources familiar with the deal said Drexel got the warrants thinking they might  serve  as an inducement to bond buyers, but kept the majority because the bonds didn't sell as briskly as expected.   
Kohlberg Kravis arranged a 1984 leveraged buyout of Wometco Broadcasting Inc. for about $800 million. Wometco Cable operates cable systems  serving  about 362,000 subscribers, primarily in North and South Carolina, Georgia and Louisiana.   
Mr. Salamah has been assigned to the mission since 1978. Prosecutors claimed that the men used "double billing" to draw more funds from Saudi coffers than were needed to fulfill the needs of students  served  by the mission.   
Two factors were considered in selecting these institutions : ( 1 ) the percent of students enrolling from out of state and ( 2 ) the percent of students residing on campus . Colleges  serving  a local student clientele offer many opportunities and varied satisfactions .   
The department said it was considering enforcement action against the two carriers. The department at the time said it found that many Delta and Eastern flights  serving  Atlanta arrived 15 or more minutes late.   
Mellon Bank Corp. said it created two special asset management subsidiaries to  serve  corporate and public pension funds, endowments and foundations.   
Transportation Secretary Dole granted antitrust immunity to airlines  serving  Chicago's O'Hare and Atlanta's Hartsfield airports.   
Brookhaven says that it hasn't discriminated, that demand for lower-income housing isn't great and that it meets the existing demand. The town also says its zoning  serves  the public by providing for a variety of single-family homes, condominiums and rentals.   
While many companies have been gearing up for the predicted boom in data communications during the 1970's , at least one company the Raytheon Co. of Lexington , Mass. surveyed the market and found that it already had the wherewithal in-house to become a power in the commercial side of the data communications market . There was a problem , however : The giant electronics based firm knew that its data communications capability was housed largely in Raytheon units that  served  military operations .   
We believe this innovation, made possible by a specially designed computer program, will be a major benefit to busy readers. -- Faster and even more reliable delivery for many readers through a continuing expansion of the Journal's 154-city private delivery network, which already  serves  more than 740,000 Journal paid subscribers in 43 states.   
The investor group includes Mark Edmiston, former president of Washington Post Co.'s Newsweek unit; William Broyles Jr., a former editor in chief of Newsweek magazine; executives of the magazine's publisher, TVSM Inc., Horsham, Pa.; and Jack Crosby, an Austin, Texas, cable television investor. The Cable Guide, launched six years ago with 2,000 subscribers, currently is distributed by 450 cable systems  serving  5.5 million of the nation's about 40 million cable subscribers.   
The basic model would cost $80 million and could be outfitted with engines from either General Electric Co. of the U.S. or the Pratt & Whitney division of United Technologies Corp. The MD-11, like the proposed Airbus A340, is aimed at  serving  long-distance routes that don't attract enough traffic to justify using a 450-seat 747.   
Judge Robert Bork contended that his views on antitrust law fully consider the interests of consumers, but argued that some forms of antitrust regulation don't promote competition. Referring to his 1978 book on antitrust law, the Supreme Court nominee in his third day of testimony told the Senate Judiciary Committee, "My entire book . . . is premised on the question of what best  serves  consumers . . . ."   
"We weren't going anywhere near that price for those magazines," Mr. Singerman says. Instead, News Corp. ended up going after Ziff-Davis's business publications  serving  the aviation and travel industries, for which it paid about $350 million.   
He noted that American doesn't plan to inaugurate its new hub at Raleigh/Durham until June 15. In choosing between Delta and Pan Am for the route between London and the northeastern U.S., the judge noted that both carriers already  serve  London.   
Airport concourses in Cincinnati, Chicago and San Francisco are coming to resemble shopping-mall clusters of eateries, with stands offering tacos, omelettes and freshly-grilled Belgian waffles topped with fruit. Because airport traffic ebbs and flows and many customers are pressed for time, a fast-food format can  serve  the clientele better than a cafeteria, says Kenneth Smith, vice president of planning and business development of Marriott Corp.'s Host division, which is overhauling its restaurants and bars at 40 airports.   
The merger would link two airlines whose operations are concentrated on their respective coasts and would create the seventh-largest domestic airline in terms of revenue passenger miles, USAir Group said. USAir Group, which is based in Washington,  serves  83 airports but only about 12 are west of St. Louis. PSA, based in San Diego, serves 29 airports primarily on the West Coast, five of which already are served by USAir Group.   
The new arrangement debuted a week ago, the spongier three-quarters of it renamed "The Morning Program." I liked the concept, in the abstract  serving  both us self-proclaimed cerebral types who want the news and not the pap, as well as less self-consciously driven onlookers whose interests lie not in the Persian Gulf states but in the newest couches, accouchements and Cacherels.   
Although it isn't likely that Japanese exports will ever play a major role in the overall U.S. trade picture, he suggests that "eventually Japanese investment in the U.S. could help revitalize some American export industries." Ricoh's efforts to avoid anti-dumping penalties being levied by the European Economic Community against Japanese-made copiers are part of the company's overall strategy of building factories in markets Ricoh  serves .   
The proposed rate increases are aimed at helping the utility pay for costs related to its investment in the Palo Verde nuclear power plant near Phoenix, Ariz. El Paso Electric, which  serves  220,000 customers in West Texas and southern New Mexico, derives 18% of total revenue from its New Mexico service area.   
It says the commission will appoint a trustee to arrange the divestiture if that timetable isn't met. Alleghany agreed that it either will divest Safeco of its title plant in Los Angeles County within 14 months or dispose of its own interest in a separate title plant  serving  the same area.   
Great Spring wouldn't say how long the new product would be tested. The company expects to "eventually  serve  most of New England," however, and then to introduce the product around the country.   
The Ford Motor Co. unit, which previously said it planned to increase the number of its branches, said it hopes to continue expanding in the nation's second-largest retailer at that pace over the next several years. While bank deregulation has caused many major banks to abandon  serving  lower and middle income groups, First Nationwide's chairman, Anthony M. Frank, said at a news conference here that the expansion in retail stores "might be the way you solve the problem of serving just plain folks."   
We also will recall the Council of Ministers , as an institution of the European Coal and Steel Community . This Council , comprising one or more ministers from each government , changing according to the subject under discussion ,  serves  also the Common Market and Euratom .   
The FDA, in particular its bureau of drugs under Robert Temple, has driven that system to its absurd extreme. The system now  serves  itself first and people later.   
In addition to private buses on fixed routes, there are about 4,500 flexible-route minibuses, most individually owned. These fully deregulated minibus services have proved especially successful at  serving  sparsely populated districts without subsidy and acting as feeder services for the subway.   
Marc Gregoire, the marketing director for the 737 program, said 10 other airlines are in "serious" discussions about possible purchases of the new 737 version. Boeing Commercial Airplane Co., Seattle-based Boeing's commercial aircraft arm, has been canvassing airlines for at least a year about such a plane, and its decision to proceed with construction appears to be a move to dominate -- with a thoroughly updated design -- the market for planes with 100 to 130 seats, which is  served  by such competitors as Fokker N.V., a Dutch concern, and British Aerospace.   
Not long ago, locals hunted crocodiles for cash to supplement their subsistence living. Today, most river people find it more profitable and much easier to  serve  the art and artifacts market than to face crocs at night on an unforgiving river.   
Software Assistance Corp. , Ann Arbor , Mich. For information : Circle 316 on Reader Card Orbit II is a general-purpose information retrieval system for IBM OS / 360 users having at least 256K of memory on a model 40 or larger . The PL/I package has a basic vocabulary of 11 English commands and can be used either in a dedicated mode or on a t-s network  serving  up to 150 on-line users .   
Considered the best financed black-led venture ever, the airline attracted some $35 million from Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. after it got seed money from a black-owned insurance company and the largely black postal workers union, among others. The company, which bills itself as the airline created to  serve  business, has attempted to carve out a niche serving travelers who want such frills as roomier seats, gourmet meals and a comfortable gate-side lounge with free drinks, telephones and newspapers.   
The publishing concern is a unit of International Thomson Organisation Ltd., a Toronto-based publisher with interests in travel, oil and gas. "Banking Week is edited for a broader audience than is currently  served  by our own American Banker daily newspaper -- for executives throughout the industry who don't require the intensity of daily coverage, but still need to keep pace with the news and events taking place in this fast-changing field," said Mr. Burke.   
Mr. Shulman said Santa Monica, Calif.-based Hotel Systems International Inc. has been incorrectly identified as the hotel's owner in certain news accounts. He said that Hotel Systems, a reservation and information service that  serves  the Dupont Plaza, doesn't have any ownership stake in the hotel or San Juan Dupont Plaza Corp.   
Rubbermaid Inc. said it will begin construction in April of a 275,000-square-foot manufacturing and distribution facility in Goodyear, Ariz. Rubbermaid said the facility, to be used intitially for its Home Products division, will help  serve  its increasing customer base in Western states.   
Industry sources indicated that a study, expected to be completed in about two months, probably would recommend that certain branches be consolidated or replaced by more cost-efficient limited-service offices or automated teller machines. The limited-service offices could specialize in  serving  small businesses or making large personal loans to affluent consumers.   
While Mr. Weed asserts total public expenditures in 1971 for family-planning clinics were $11 million, federal government expenditures alone were $65 million in that year. Instead of Mr. Weed's figure of 300,000 teen-age clients  served  in 1971, family-planning clinics in fact served 460,000.   
The very quality of life is on the line , for education benefits all of society , not just those who sit in classrooms . Meeting the challenge will take a positive effort by the colleges and universities and by all the rest of us who are  served  .   
The greater storage capacity of the IBM 360-30, compared to that of the IBM 1050, and its ability to handle a number of terminals operating simultaneously, give this hardware configuration substantial advantages, as does the availability of the current IBM 360 in many schools and colleges. ECES uses an IBM 360-40 or-50, with still more storage capacity and the ability to  serve  more terminals and do other types of work at the same time.   
Houston-based Bredero Price, an international pipe coating concern, is owned by Van Den Nieuwenhuyzen Group, the Netherlands. Lukens is a diversified industrial concern  serving  the construction, defense, transportation, industrial and energy markets.   
The bonds were priced at 99.125% to yield 11.1%. The electric utility  serving  eastern Massachusetts said proceeds will be used to improve its plant and properties.   
The partnership currently has 3.2 million Class A units outstanding. Proceeds of approximately $84.8 million, when combined with $9.5 million partnership cash, will be used to acquire a cable television system  serving  Independence, Mo., and 16 other suburban Kansas City communities.   
The company said it needs the increase to recover expenses and to earn a return on its share of the Oklaunion Power Station, a large coal-fueled generating plant that went into operation last December. The utility holding company said the unit filed the request last week with the Texas Public Utility Commission and with the cities it  serves  in central and west Texas.   
A successor to the 46-year-old Mr. Glick has been selected from outside the company, Genex said, but his name won't be disclosed until the company completes a private placement of its stock. A company official described the successor as having broad experience in the industrial markets Genex  serves .   
Of course , you may see specimens of fine work somewhere and then hunt down the producer but I have not had that luck in Spain so I have had to concentrate on the magnificent weather and on the playas ( beaches ) and what they have to offer . This is written at the edge of a big reservoir that  serves  several big cities of a New England state .   
Not being able to supply equipment to Tokyo, Nagoya and eastern Japan "provides us very little opportunity to sell," says Stephen L. Levy, Motorola's executive vice president in charge of Japan. Daini Denden's, and thus Motorola's, failure to win the right to  serve  the entire Japanese market has made American officials here cynical.   
Brock Hotel Corp. said 34% of its shareholders who own 10 or fewer common shares had tendered their holdings when its small-lot offer expired yesterday. As previously reported, the hotel and restaurant concern began the offer last November, to reduce administrative costs of  serving  small-lot holders, which number about 8,000.   
On the fringes of Community administration there are two committees which exert considerable influence on the shaping of Community policies . The Economic and Social Committee  serves  the Common Market and Euratom , and the Consultative Committee does the same for the Coal and Steel Community .   
There are empty stores on its main street. Its fine modern schools  serve  scarcely two-thirds the number of students they were built to accommodate, with each entering class smaller than the one ahead of it.   
Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. said its iron company subsidiary has put up for sale its 93% interest in the Upper Peninsula Generating Co., a coal-fired power plant in Marquette, Mich. Cleveland-Cliffs said bids are expected next month for the plant, which primarily  serves  the iron ore pellet plants on the Marquette Range in Michigan.   
Heart of the system is a CDC 3300 in Little Rock, Ark. Ultimately it will  serve  some 300,000 migrant students in 47 states.   
An extra strong one is called a cyclone and removes roofs ; lesser fry will sweep up fallen branches , debris and anything left about , whirl it around in a wild embrace , abandon it and prance on its way . Bulong , in its heyday , was a fair-sized place  served  by schools , churches , stores , an array of pubs and a Miners' Institute with an imported grand piano .   
In September, after three years of struggling, Mr. Bailey's three partners left the firm. LSI will continue to  serve  the few clients it drew, but won't seek any new business, Mr. Bailey says.   
Terms weren't disclosed. The cable television operator bought the properties from three closely held companies: Multi-County Cable Vision Inc., Ashland County Cable Service Co. and Medway CATV Inc. Jones said the systems  serve  about 9,000 basic subscribers and 5,000 premium subscribers. Jones said it currently owns or manages cable systems serving 33,000 subscribers.   
Emery's Mr. Ball said Mr. Dorsey didn't solicit his company's offer, and that Emery has been considering an offer for Purolator for the "last few weeks." In the letter to Purolator's Mr. Brady, Emery said it believed the two companies would "provide an excellent fit" and that "the combination will enable each of us to better  serve  our existing customers."   
This belief resulted in the creation of a special Government agency known as the Rural Electrification Administration REA, for short. The new agency, which later became a part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, was authorized to make loans to local organizations to  serve  people who wanted electricity.   
Special VD clinics are being organized to make access to treatment easier and more effective . Free clinics  serving  the street people find G. C. second only to drug overdosage as the major patient problem .   
He adds that it is committed by Village residents as well as by outsiders. Deputy Police Inspector Elson Gelfand, the commander of the precinct  serving  Greenwich Village, says, "AIDS gives people an excuse for violence."   
The Far Eastern Economic Review has suspended its entire distribution in Singapore rather than agree to government restrictions slashing its circulation. "As the Review is prevented from  serving  all its Singapore readers, it prefers to serve none," Derek Davies, editor of the Hong Kong-based weekly magazine, said in a statement.   
Allen J. Volkenant, executive vice president, marketing, said he isn't certain where the initial marketing efforts will be concentrated. "This will give us an opportunity to test a new means of marketing banking services in areas not already  served  by brick-and-mortar branches," he said.   
Chairman , Elliott Averett , Robert H. B. Baldwin , William C. Blanchard , George A. Brownell , James Carey , Richard M. Colgate , Charles E. Cotting , Agnes Fowler , Henry W. Gadsden , Edward L. Glaser , Mrs. H. Donald Harvey , Wallace S. Jones , James H. Leatham , Ph.D. , Richard W. Mayer , R. Townley Paton , M.D. , Landon Peters , John T. Pirie , Jr. , Dorrance Sexton , Raymond D. Stitzer , Mrs. Frederick R. Wierdsma , Walter A. Wood . " Dialogue " , the recorded magazine for blind persons , has awarded The Seeing Eye Guide first place in a competition for bulletins issued by agencies  serving  blind people .   
But families single-handedly provide the sense of significance and the ongoing affection and guidance that moderns need for healthy growth and protection from isolation and loneliness. Other institutions make demands on families, but few attempt to  serve  families effectively.   
This was accomplished jointly, by management's increasingly efficient use of labor, and a performance by our mail handlers and carriers that reaffirmed their commitment to provide our customers with the quality service they deserve. The problems raised by Mr. Bovard will not be solved by slashing the wages of dedicated postal employees, nor will the public be  served  by the privatization of its Postal Service.   
The company said the bonds, due 2012, will be redeemed April 1 at 112.27. Texas Electric is a unit of Texas Utilities and  serves  two million customers in Texas.   
Many of G. T. & E.'s franchises are in semirural communities and small cities , and population growth in its areas has been higher than in the larger cities dominated by the Bell System . Last year's additions brought to 11,321,000 the total number of phones  served  by G. T. & E. companies .   
Wall Street sources predict that of all the big banks that have applied for this power, Bankers Trust New York and J.P. Morgan probably will achieve the most success, mainly because of the inroads they have made already as agents. Indeed, these sources point out that success in this business may be most crucial for those two banks, because both of them have concentrated their efforts on  serving  the biggest corporations, which have abandoned bank financing for commercial paper.   
The plan estimates that if everything went as hoped, the system might be able to get by without drawing any federal money at all, particularly in early years -- a potentially important point in the face of current congressional budget-cutting requirements. "The system doesn't need a cash infusion so long as it has market borrowing access, capital to absorb losses and the ability to  serve  farmer-borrowers on a basis that is both reasonable to them and profitable for FCS over the long term," the proposal asserts.   
A majority of the 200 or so attacks on shipping since the war began have been conducted by Iran. Ships  serving  Kuwaiti ports are the main target.   
BIW said its fourth-quarter figures were depressed by its establishment during the quarter of a $2.2 million reserve for "possible excess and obsolete inventory." The company added that its sales fell because of a continuing downturn in the petroleum and other markets that it  serves .   
Sen. Leahy's home state is in the system's Springfield, Mass., district, where a federal judge this week struck down FCA rules for transfer of funds from wealthier units like the Springfield banks to shakier units in the system. Even many legislators from areas  served  by the weakest Farm Credit banks may welcome the plan's gaining support in Congress.   
Tokyo-based Bridgestone said it plans to spend $70 million by 1990 to expand the LaVergne, Tenn., plant, which now makes one million radial tires annually for trucks and buses. By the early 1990s, Bridgestone said, it plans to make about two million radial passenger tires annually at the plant,  serving  both U.S. and Japanese auto makers based in North America.   
Simply getting all parties to a meeting at the same time can be a daunting task. Carol Kane, assistant vice president for meeting services at Merrill Lynch & Co., says the problem is complicated when executives meet in, say, Palm Springs, Calif., which is  served  primarily by small commuter airlines that carry only about 12 passengers a plane.   
However, since 1980, their number has doubled to more than 2,000 nationwide. Most are closely held companies  serving  local or regional markets.   
Foreign investments benefit the U.S. economy mainly because they lead to exports of raw materials, components, and equipment to the overseas facility. When Kimberly-Clark Corp. built a $23-million paper mill in Huntsville, Ontario, to  serve  the Canadian market, it purchased enough equipment in the U.S. to supply fifty-one man-years of employment.   
Steel Technologies Inc. said it agreed to form a joint venture with Mitsui & Co. to operate steel-service centers in the U.S. The steel processor said the centers would  serve  Japanese and domestic automobile and appliance-parts makers in the U.S.   
Currently, there are only 40 or so videotex services offering, for example, home banking and electronic airline schedules. They  serve  only about 750,000 subscribers, or less than 1% of U.S. households.   
The first two parts of this volume include all two-year colleges that were founded and had enrolled their first class by the fall of 1967. (Comparative data on institutions founded more recently cannot be compiled since only experience can provide a true picture.) Part I includes those community colleges, junior colleges, and technical institutes that provide limited if any residential facilities, or  serve  primarily a local student body.   
Since 1985, the Japanese yen has appreciated substantially compared with the U.S. dollar, making it relatively less expensive for the Japanese to build vehicles in the U.S. David Healy, analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., estimates that it now costs the Japanese about as much to build their vehicles in Japan and ship them to the U.S. as it does to build them here. Honda is also keenly aware of growing protectionist sentiment in Congress and has repeatedly stated its goal to build vehicles in the markets it  serves .   
Harsco makes metal construction and defense products; it declined to disclose the size of its railroad business. Canron, Toronto, is a diversified manufacturer  serving  construction, industrial, and specialty markets.   
Infinity Broadcasting Corp. said it entered an agreement to acquire radio stations KVIL AM/FM, from Sconnix Broadcasting Co., Charleston, S.C., for $82 million. The stations  serve  the Dallas/Fort Worth markets.   
TranStar Airlines, a subsidiary of Dallas-based Southwest Airlines, said it will form a commuter airline with closely held Rio Airways to  serve  six Texas cities. The service, which goes into effect Jan. 7, will serve Brownsville-South Padre Island, Bryan-College Station, Victoria, Laredo, San Angelo and Killeen.   
Combustion Engineering said the bid reflects its continuing effort to expand into high-technology businesses. AccuRay makes its systems mainly for the pulp and paper industry, a market Combustion Engineering also  serves .   
In spongy bone, however, the lacunae are not arranged in circles and there are no tubes for the blood vessels and nerves. The blood vessels and nerves which  serve  the spongy bone run through the spaces between the struts and bars.   
Terms weren't disclosed. Tuscan  serves  the northern New Jersey and New York City area with milk, juice, ice cream and other dairy products, and also supplies airlines and food-service concerns.   
The FCC the next year revised the rules, requiring vendors to have callers use a special access code, available only to adults, or pay by credit card. The appeals court approved that plan, but said it wasn't technically feasible for companies  served  by New York Telephone.   
The closely held firm said the move is aimed at providing more specialized client needs, particularly in the areas of health and welfare, pensions, retirement health care, flexible benefits and post-retirement income, among others. Smaller companies will continue to be  served  by the parent firm's employee benefits staff.   
Delta Air Lines, breaking with other major airlines, said it would prohibit smoking on its regularly scheduled flights within California, in line with a state law that is scheduled to take effect Friday. Delta, which  serves  12 California airports, said it questions the state's authority to regulate smoking on Delta aircraft because airlines are federally regulated.   
After all, someday the stores will be finished in her neighborhood, so that she will not have to drag her shopping bag all across town. Her little ones will grow up; a new subway line will someday  serve  her area.   
Cablevision said it will hold Valley Cable through its Cablevision Industries of California unit. Cablevision Industries, a closely held concern, owns and operates cable systems  serving  more than 400,000 subscribers.   
The remaining concentrated orange juice is " slush-frozen, " poured into 6-ounce cans, and frozen solid. The cans are stored in warehouses at 10 degrees below zero and are then shipped to wholesale grocers by the millions, for delivery to the supermarkets they  serve .   
The Clayton acquisition strengthens Geldermann's position as a leading futures-only brokerage firm; it recently acquired Heinold Commodities Inc. and Agra Gill & Duffus Inc. Geldermann also said last week that it is severing its clearing ties to more than 75 of its smaller offices  serving  retail customers to concentrate on larger institutional accounts.   
Ellinghaus , who became president of the New York Telephone Co. the day after he addressed the Waldorf-Astoria conference , admitted that Bell was having trouble servicing its customers , but he insisted that the company is trying as hard as it can to improve things . He listed a number of improvements on the way : By the middle of this decade , a long-haul digital network  serving  " approximately 60 cities " will be in operation , Ellinghaus promised .   
The proposal met such a barrage of criticism that Mr. Pierce authorized the study. The report said, however, that three areas should be reviewed further: reducing competitive advantages over private insurers, limiting overlap in types of borrowers  served  by FHA and private firms, and possible conversion of FHA into a reinsurer of mortgages.   
Braniff Inc. said it will start service to Oklahoma City next Friday with a daily round-trip flight to Dallas-Fort Worth. With the new flight, Braniff will  serve  20 cities in the U.S. and Mexico.   
As he worked his way up, he helped advance the international investment banking operations Morgan conducts from London -- including activities Glass-Steagall bars commercial banks from in the U.S. In the 1980s, the large corporate customers that banks such as Morgan Guaranty  serve  increasingly substituted issuance of commercial paper and other securities for bank borrowings.   
The electronic service would be in addition to the current print directories. "We believe we could  serve  our customers and users better if we could offer an alternative to the plain printed Yellow Pages," says David L. Wibbelsman, president of Nynex Information Resources Co., a unit of Nynex Corp., New York.   
One still more important similarity remains : neither Kodak nor Polaroid has ever encountered serious competition , or come in second best in any matter of great importance . Although they choose different words to say so , both Kodak and Polaroid believe that they have  served  themselves and the public as well without competition as they would have with it .   
The range of possible outcomes extends from approval of the merger to rejection of the merger , the charter , and the supplemental agreement , with some interesting combinations in between . American Export and other opponents complain that the merger would put Sea-Land in a position of unassailable strength in markets  served  exclusively by U.S.-flag carriers .   
American President Lines Ltd. said it applied to the Maritime Administration for temporary authorization to  serve  West Coast-to-Hawaii trade routes on a weekly basis.   
Contributing $95 million to the joint venture, Williams would own 81% of the new company; Kansas City Southern's 87%-owned subsidiary, LDX Group, would hold a 19% stake. The new company will  serve  markets throughout the U.S., providing service to all major metropolitan centers, Williams said.   
Full-year revenue increased 3.8% to $9.36 billion from $9.02 billion. William L. Weiss, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Ameritech -- the parent of Bell companies  serving  Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin -- said expenses were about unchanged from a year earlier, while the work force increased slightly for the first time since the company was formed in 1984.   
Diane Bliss, a vice president at WTVS, said Cancom has doubled the size of the station's audience, and attracted contributions to the station from places like Kodiak, Alaska, Tuktoyaktuk, Northwest Territories and St. John's, Newfoundland. Cancom was established in 1981 to  serve  remote communities and areas with inadequate broadcast service.   
In response to questions about the new airport, the airlines are told that plans are "not yet complete," while foreign contractors are told that plans are "too far advanced" to permit foreign participation. Although not scheduled for completion until 1993, the new Osaka airport, which will  serve  the Kansai area of western Japan, already is badly needed. Itami Airport, which currently serves the Osaka area, is so restricted by environmental factors that this year less than 15,000 flights will be accepted there.   
Airlines also criticized the idea, saying the talks wouldn't reduce delays much, but they agreed to cooperate if the department granted antitrust immunity. Industry officials contend that Mrs. Dole retreated from her plan to hold talks for airlines  serving  all 13 airports because of industry and political pressure.   
Any further increase here, such as an export program, would improve its political position with those who argue that Japanese companies have been exporting products to this market at the expense of U.S. jobs. The company has repeatedly said it wants to build cars in the markets it  serves .   
Through the first nine months of 1986, Piedmont's profit rose 8%, to $54.9 million, or $2.72 a share, on a 23% jump in revenue to $1.36 billion. By  serving  small cities and setting up hubs in previously out-of-the-way places like Charlotte, N.C. and Dayton, Ohio, Piedmont, in addition being financially strong, could mesh well with the route systems of other airlines.   
Century Communications Corp. said it purchased the assets of the Morgantown, W.Va.-area cable television system from CablEntertainment, a New Jersey cable TV company. Century paid $16 million for the Morgantown system, which  serves  about 13,000 subscribers. With the purchase, Century said it owns or manages 39 cable TV systems in 21 states and Puerto Rico, serving about 510,000 subscribers.   
Power is generated by thousands of solar cells, which convert the raw, undiluted sunlight of space into electrical energy. To keep the satellite in permanent communication with the area it is meant to  serve , its speed is synchronized to keep exact pace with the earth's rotation.   
Your Dec. 16 second-front-page article "Group Homes That  Serve  the Mentally Ill Face New Barriers in Some Communities" only repeated unsubstantiated charges on both sides of the issue.   
The negotiation of the agreement was prompted by a dispute over the right of Air Canada, a state-owned airline, to pick up passengers in London and fly them to Hong Kong and Singapore. The new pact settles that dispute by allowing Canadian airlines to fly from London to three cities in Asia and to many European cities that weren't previously  served  by Canadian carriers via Britain.   
Sales rose 11% to $781.8 million from $706 million. The Dobbs House restaurants, newsstands, gift shops and other concessions Greyhound is acquiring  serve  20 airports, including Chicago's O'Hare, New York's Kennedy and the major terminals in Atlanta, Dallas-Fort Worth and Los Angeles.   
There was provision for doing this in design, and the result would be that Walters would have access to both command modules without having to don a spacesuit. There would also be a saving in power by having one life-support system  serve  two ships, since it might come about that the other men would be absent on the alien Ship for extended periods of time.   
Private: Biggest Difference Is Not the Students," Dec. 1: The author correctly notes that public schools spend considerably more on education than those in the private sector. However, many of the private schools that are springing up around the country do not provide for either vocational education or for education of the handicapped, both of which are necessary and both of which consume a large amount of dollars for the number of students they  serve .   
There are historic schools like Alabama's Tuskegee Institute, started in 1881 by Booker T. Washington, and well known for its strong vocational programs. Another historic and famous school is Virginia's Hampton Institute, founded in 1868 by a Civil War general to  serve  indigent blacks and Indians.   
That, after all, is what foreign investors are, prudent. Moreover, they are just as sophisticated as American investors and just as well plugged into the vast communications system that  serves  the world investment community.   
Or participate in ticket-selling campaigns . A community theater can function as a remarkably cohesive force for the community it  serves  , and few people who get hung up on the activity ever quit .   
Coca-Cola said its agreement calls for bottling Coke in the Soviet Union and expanding its sale to more Soviet cities and citizens. Currently, Coke sales are restricted to shops  serving  tourists in Moscow (the company's Fanta orange soda is sold in Moscow, Tallin and Kiev to Soviet consumers).   
Some of these officials also want Bellcore to take on customers other than the regional Bells, so that it may grow. Terms of the Bell system breakup, however, prohibit Bellcore from  serving  the broader market.   
It promises to be quite a revealing battle, with Judge Bork's controversial positions on such issues as abortion on the one hand, and the Democratic opposition led by Sen. Joe Biden on the other. Tuesday, Sept. 15, various times (check local listings), on stations  served  by Orbis Communications: "National AIDS Awareness Test."   
The acquisition will add about $1 billion to Chase Home's servicing portfolio, increasing it to about $4.5 billion. It also will enable Chase Home to establish a servicing operation in Tampa to  serve  Chase Home Customers in the southeast and southwest.   
Honeywell has taken the first step in a planned network of education service centers that will provide administrative and instructional services to schools . The first center , opened in Minneapolis this month ,  serves  more than 50 Minnesota elementary schools , high schools , and colleges .   
A Cancom spokeswoman said the satellite transmission company isn't violating any U.S. or Canadian laws. Cancom distributes the Detroit signals, as well as Canadian radio and television signals, to 850 cable systems  serving  more than 1.4 million households, many of them in small, remote communities.   
England's Scotland Yard already had dropped the Bertillon system in favor of fingerprints after Sir E. R. Henry had worked out a simple way to classify them. The International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) was the first to campaign for a central fingerprint file which would  serve  all police agencies.   
ADAPSO notes that % 10 of all firms earned % 36 of the revenue in 1968 , while in 1969 % 18 of the companies earned % 83 of the revenue . The survey showed that companies in the industry in 1969 employed 120,000 persons ,  served  220,000 customers , and operated 2,850 computers .   
Auerbach Info , Inc. , Philadelphia , Pa. For copy : Circle 311 on Reader Card Cong . Jack Brooks' GovOps subcommittee is said to be vitally interested in establishing a Cobol validation center at NBS ,  serving  all federal agencies .   
Substantial modernisation of farming techniques could be undertaken, and capital projects begun. As they pointed out in Liuling, " Before the people's commune was set up, we had begun building a dam that was to  serve  three different cooperative farms.   
Since Spain is constantly getting more automobiles , trucks , and buses , there seems certain to be continued improvement of the roads . Since there are many places in Spain that are not  served  by a railroad , bus traffic is heavy .   
Conrail's managers looked for costs to cut and found plenty. They stopped  serving  towns where business had shriveled, ridding the railroad of one in every four miles of its network.   
Kaiser Permanente is more than 45 years old. We  serve  nearly five million voluntarily enrolled members in 16 states and the District of Columbia, and are generally regarded as a prototype of the group-practice-model HMO.   
Life improved, even in Calabria, a region so poor and underdeveloped that some call it "the Mezzogiorno of the Mezzogiorno." Starvation and malaria are gone; illiteracy is rare; a new university  serves  the population; an autostrada now links Rome and Naples with Calabria's biggest cities.   
Some states are moving to restrict untaxed entrepreneurialism. In Arizona, for example, state agencies are prohibited from entering markets already  served  by commercial business.   
The new plant -- the company's second in the U.S. -- will employ 550 workers when it is operating at full capacity in late 1991, Nippondenso said. A growing number of Japanese auto parts makers are opening plants to  serve  the U.S. and Canadian operations of Japanese and U.S. car makers.   
"You really can't consider Taiwan an exporting nation. Taiwan is simply a collection of international subcontractors  serving  the American market," says Francis Geronimi, the director of the France Asia Trade Promotion Association in Taipei.   
In addition to merger-related costs, the one-time charge also includes the expense of consolidating Foley's into the retailer's regional data processing center in Atlanta. The center already  serves  three other Federated divisions.   
TCA also bought Total Television of Amarillo, Texas, for $51.5 million from Marsh Media Ltd. and Stauffer Communications Inc. of Topeka, Kan. The Amarillo system  serves  38,000 subscribers.   
But top-ranking VA officials from previous administrations feel strongly that many hospitals should be closed , and their resources diverted to upgrade university-affiliated acute-care centers . Veterans in these localities could be  served  by referral clinics , and the hospitals could be turned over to the state or to local communities .   
In 1983, he sold policies with $86.5 million in coverage, the company's all-time record for sales by a single agent. Today Mr. Patel, now 44,  serves  some 4,000 clients from his Livingston, N.J., office.   
These provisions are part of a DOD plan to use essentially two data management systems if a non-IBMER wins the pending competition. One dms would  serve  the second standard sites; the other, the sites to be equipped under the pending RFP.   
A 1984 study commissioned by the Department of Education found that public schools with high concentrations of Hispanics usually "combined a continued use of Spanish language and English instruction." But 91% of the schools  serving  mostly non-Hispanic immigrants used all-English instruction.   
Created in the mid-1970s from the ruins of the Penn Central and other ailing carriers, Conrail has since restored its physical plant, slashed costs and become profitable. But now the railroad is also trying to find new markets in the industrial states it  serves  from New England to the Midwest.   
One office was in Minneapolis and three were in Omaha, Neb. The spokeswoman said Citicorp will continue to  serve  its nearly 300,000 existing Financial Account customers.   
Under the present management structure , adopted in 1969 after a two-year study by the Stanford Research Institute , Henkel's affairs are run by the seven-man executive committee of the parent holding company , Henkel GmbH , through two wholly owned operating companies . Henkel & Cie GmbH " Henkel Europe , " it might be called  serves  all of Europe and accounts for 94 percent of total sales .   
Mr. Panfile declined to comment on whether Mr. Attar had made any other demands. Aero  serves  the corporate and commercial aviation market by supplying fuel, maintenance hangar space, cleaning, baggage-handling and other services.   
He already owns Trump's and Trump's Castle in Atlantic City. But several sources said that rather than selling one casino, Mr. Trump could meet terms of the rule by closing the casino in Resorts I and converting the facility into a hotel that would  serve  the mammoth casino in the Taj Mahal.   
The effect on beneficiaries has, in many cases, been devastating. While only a handful of HMOs generated complaints, they  served  about 30% of program beneficiaries.   
But once having enrolled them, their compensation should be marginally lower than that awarded by other insurance carriers. This will tend to make the providers marginally less interested in  serving  your subscribers and so will create another barrier to care delivery.   
Closely held Pentech is a holding company for QO Chemicals Inc., its only operating subsidiary, Great Lakes said. Great Lakes added that QO Chemicals, which produces certain specialty chemicals that are used to make furfuryl alcohol and other products used in foundry resins, plastics, flame-retardant building materials, oil refining and urethane systems, fits well into several markets it already  serves  and enhances its international presence.   
Under the plan, Security Pacific also said it will greatly expand its automatic teller network, institute flexible hours at some branches, simplify banking services and add sales personnel to generate loans in non-traditional banking areas. Mr. Smith said earlier that the bank may also consolidate 3% to 4% of its 600 branches, which  serve  three million customers in California.   
Like other minicomputer manufacturers , Varian is finding that some of its large OEM customers are feeling the financial squeeze , and the result is lagging sales to some OEM'S . By concentrating more on new software , peripherals , and systems , Varian is aiming to move into vertical markets  serving  more end users .   
The risk is that the film will land in a lab where the use of unskilled workers, dirty solutions, and sloppy printing methods will result in permanently scratched negatives and muddy prints. One solution is to find and use one of the special labs that  serve  professional photographers. (The extra expense involved may be worth it.)   
Thus national companies were encouraged to establish satellite plants close to the large cities, particularly on circumferential highways which all too often had originally been planned for recreation but over which adequate controls had not been placed. Thus while manufacturing generally tended to quit the center of cities, businesses that offered services had either to be nucleated so as to  serve  a substantial number of automobile-borne customers or remain in the central city itself.   
" Jeremy was beginning to understand why the University building was so massive. Not only were there enough functioning areas to  serve  a small village, but the elevator-subway system took up a great deal of room between floors and in the outside walls.   
A trip on the Star Ferry from Kowloon to Hong Kong Island, for example, will set you back the equivalent of seven cents.  Serving  the outlying areas of Hong Kong is the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corp., which is government-owned.   
The new Saturn franchises would help the dealers maintain strong profits by limiting competition among the dealers. Each dealer, in return, would be required to establish a sufficient number of sales and service facilities throughout the designated territory to  serve  the region.   
As expected, retailers had weak sales in parts of the Southwest that have been hit hard by the decline in oil prices. According to TeleCheck Southwest, a check-authorization company  serving  9,000 retailers in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arkansas, check writing in Houston plummeted 13% from a year earlier over the 26-day period from Thanksgiving to Christmas Eve.   
The company said it paid $9.5 million for Sun Valley Cablevision Inc. The cable system  serves  6,300 households in Idaho.   
He knew the score for a young surgeon in a town like Spruce Harbor . The town had thirty thousand people and potentially  served  another forty to fifty thousand .   
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved a test of new pricing flexibility for bulk power sales among 15 public and private utilities in 10 western states. The commission unanimously approved a two-year experiment that will allow the utilities, which  serve  30 million customers, flexibility to adjust rates for discretionary wholesale power sales among themselves.   
Similarly, at any moment, Continental's computer is monitoring the status of reservations on 495,000 future flights. The computers measure the bookings against expectations and call attention to any flight that is off the normal pace, depending on the season, flight time, cities being  served , day of the week, and whether a predominantly leisure or business market is being served.   
The company has surprised some beer-industry veterans with its distribution strategy for the five New York City boroughs and surrounding counties. Instead of copying its competitors and having several beer wholesalers  serve  New York, Coors picked only one distributor, and its choice, curiously enough, was a Canada Dry softdrink bottler.   
Royale said that it plans to continue to fly while under Chapter 11 protection from creditors' lawsuits, and that the Citicorp unit's seizure of the planes won't require it to reduce further its scaled-down flight schedule. Royale, which  served  14 cities in Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi and Florida under its Continental agreement, will lose five cities on its old routes and will add three in other areas.   
Neither company would comment on capitalization of the new service. Ernst & Whinney, a major accounting and business consulting concern,  serves  more than 1,200 clients, including more than 300 retailers.   
A controversial and still unpublished study by the staff of the city administrator showed that sanitation-department collection costs are $49 a ton. Private carting companies, which  serve  restaurants, hotels, and many other private businesses, do the same job for $17^50 a ton.   
"They give me the best treatment," says Mike Garcia, an officer of the Leather Goods, Plastic and Novelty Workers' Union, who says he banks at Amalgamated because of its labor roots. Amalgamated has reported 44 consecutive years of profit and has grown to $1.47 billion in assets by  serving  two overlapping constituencies: middle-class consumers and organized labor.   
And it said there would be increased possibilities for collusion among title insurance companies using such information in Los Angeles County. The consent agreement also bars Alleghany for 10 years from acquiring additional interest in any such centralized record systems, commonly called title plants,  serving  either area.   
In the filing, the six-year-old company said that it has been a "development stage" enterprise for much of its existence and sustained big losses as it financed the construction of its network. The carrier uses satellites for transmitting conversations and data and  serves  several hundred customers in 19 cities.   
The airline also said it will drop its one daily flight between Newark, N.J., and Kansas City, effective Jan. 23. A spokesman said the company decided that  serving  Miami provided a "better utilization" of its planes than did the service to Newark.   
It prescribes institutions to further the defense, the extension and the enrichment of the transcendent Kingdom of ideas, knowledge and creativity. Regarding Man as both creator and subject of the Kingdom, the institutions will  serve  him in his most unique and precious essence.   
He wouldn't be more specific. The facilities  served  by VHA Supply represent 20% of all community hospital beds in the country.   
Mr. Albani wants to bring Sunbeam's profit margins to 10%, well above the industry average. He thinks that's possible, despite the saturation of the small-appliance market, by pushing innovative new products, such as its hugely successful Oskar food processor, and by expanding into markets Sunbeam doesn't yet  serve , such as low-priced irons.   
The airlines do compete on three non-stop routes: Los Angeles-Phoenix; Los Angeles-San Francisco and Los Angeles-San Diego. But because other carriers also  serve  these markets and because USAir is a "relatively minor participant" along these routes, the merger wouldn't substantially decrease competition, the department argued.   
A recent survey finds that high percentages of the various helping professions claim to offer marriage counseling: It is generally recognized that some professional services are more competent and effective than others. Most communities have mental health centers, guidance services, Family Service Bureaus, and accredited marriage counselors who can be expected to  serve  a troubled marriage or a suffering married individual well.   
Finally , the school had to be within reasonable traveling time of IBM'S Mohansic Laboratory and of Columbia University . Montclair High School is a comprehensive high school  serving  grades 9 through 12 , and is the only high school in this suburb , whose population is ethnically and socioeconomically heterogeneous .   
Together, the two have close to 20 million cable subscribers, but there are more than 40 million cable subscribers, half of whom aren't buying extra pay networks. An HBO spokesman said the company will offer Festival through its existing 7,000 cable systems  serving  most of the nation's subscribers.   
The companies are St. Paul & Suburban Bus Co. of St. Paul, Minn., Klines School & Charter Bus Co. of Naperville, Ill., and George H. Hoenes Jr. Inc. of Cologne, N.J. Ryder said the purchases make the company the third-largest private operator of school buses in the country with 3,700 buses  serving  about 140 school districts in 11 states.   
The regional Bell holding company's shares also are traded in London and Switzerland, as well as on the New York and other U.S. stock exchanges. Ameritech's units  serve  Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin.   
An American Television spokesman said the transaction was announced at the time of the initial public offering, but required city and state clearance before it could be completed. Manhattan Cable, which  serves  228,000 households in the southern half of Manhattan, was Time's last cable operating property not owned by American Television.   
The owner and operator of cable TV systems also said it is considering a public offering that could include both debt and equity, but that terms of any offerings haven't been determined. The Rigas family, of which John J. Rigas, Adelphia's president and chief executive officer, is a member, owns cable TV systems  serving  a total of about 87,000 subscribers in suburban Pittsburgh, eastern Massachusetts, Michigan, western New York, Ohio and Vermont.   
The rating concern cited Louisiana regulators' approval this week of a $57 million emergency rate increase for Gulf States customers in that state. Gulf States, which  serves  the slumping petrochemical-producing region of the Gulf Coast, has been seeking higher rates to pay for its $4.4 billion River Bend nuclear plant in St. Francisville, La.   
One of its papers has installed a general-purpose computer with composition software to handle a number of functions including storing , sorting , and retrieving classified advertisement and wire service copy . The computer also  serves  a sister paper via Data-Phone link .   
Henkel's parent produces consumer products and specialty chemicals. As previously reported, pipeline repairs have halted production at the Flotta terminal, which  serves  the Piper, Scapa and Claymore fields operated by the Occidental unit and two fields operated by Texaco North Sea U.K. Ltd., a unit of Texaco Inc., White Plains, N.Y.   
Wagner and Brown contributed capital and their own talents and information to the partnership to be used for acquisition of Unocal stock. Target shareholders are  served  by a legal system that makes it possible for takeover specialists to share information with others without a formal pre-offer partnership agreement.   
What we have here -- a bunch of different theaters struggling to survive, each one with a distinct voice -- is a hybrid that is more exciting and more spontaneously indigenous to this country." In order to show support for the resident companies that already exist in this country, Mr. Bell raised about $85,000 from private foundations and individuals and secured the Storm King grounds with its 240-seat Walter Reade Theater (it normally  serves  a private high school during the school year) for the summer.   
First Carolina operates 21 cable systems in Nashville and Knoxville, Tenn., Georgia, South Carolina, Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, Ohio and Arizona. The McCaw systems Mr. Cooke acquired last January  serve  42 markets in the U.S. including Tucson, Ariz., Syracuse, N.Y., southern Oregon and southern Washington state.   
But it had potential . It  served  the entire East Coast , and I believed that someday there would be extensive travel between New York and Florida by air .   
Ipalco Enterprises Inc. said its Mid-America Capital Resources Inc. unit completed the sale of the assets of Indianapolis Cablevision Inc. for $151.3 million to Comcast Cable Leasing Partners L.P. The assets consist of a cable television system  serving  about 82,000 subscribers in Indiana.   
This spiral stair , known as the " snail , " adjoins Palazzo Contarini del Bovolo , the residence of a noble family in the early 1500's . Today , like many restored palaces , it is divided into apartments and offices  served  by an elevator .   
Michael J. Madden was named to the newly created post of vice president, physical distribution. Mr. Madden, who takes responsibility for 18 warehouse distribution centers that  serve  this toy retailer's 271 stores, was most recently with Jewel Food Stores, a division of American Stores Co.   
The criticism about selectivity has encouraged a few communities to develop their own training efforts and has slowly changed some JTPA programs. Last year, New York City spent $12.3 million on its own education and jobs program for 16-to-21-year-olds after it found that JTPA  served  just 5.5% of the 232,600 youths in the city who qualified -- and that, although one objective of the program was to make sure that participants didn't drop out of high school, half of those helped already had high-school diplomas.   
The two-year college  serves  a broad cross section of the nation's youth, including those who want to prepare themselves as rapidly as possible to compete on the job market; those who have not taken full advantage of previous educational opportunities and are still seeking to " find themselves "; those for whom family obligations make " going away to college " difficult, if not impossible; the disadvantaged who need help in overcoming the limitations of their earlier schooling, the ambitious but impecunious students who seek educational opportunity near home, as well as the academically capable individuals who desire the relatively sheltered environment of a small college during their transition from adolescence to young adulthood. In some cases a single institution is asked to serve virtually the whole range of students on a single campus and some do so with notable success.   
In addition, Signet 80 beginning this month will provide message processing between various offices of a brokerage, making it ideal for this type of firm. It is not intended to  serve  very large firms, however; nor is it aimed at the smallest brokerages.   
And it said it was expanding its investigation to three more airports because Atlanta's scheduling problems probably "aren't an isolated case." The major carriers  serving  the Chicago, Boston and Dallas-Fort Worth airports are American, United, Piedmont, Continental, USAir, Delta and Eastern.   
Talley also would receive an option to purchase as many as 283,235 shares of authorized but unissued common stock of East-West at $8 a share. East-West, which had $301 million in assets as of Dec. 31, has 11 branch offices that primarily  serve  the Chinese-American community, Talley said.   
Ms. Aulenti prefers a meshlike chain link material. The fancy dining room that once  served  the hotel in the station has neo-rococo ceilings featuring pastel goddesses.   
In Elkhart, Kan., Forrest Cameron is struggling to hang on to his 22-year-old farm equipment dealership. Farmers in the four counties he  serves  already have enrolled about 600,000 acres in the conservation reserve program.   
The company said operations are expected to begin this summer. The bakery in West Germany will have the capacity to produce 3,000 dozen buns per hour, and will  serve  130 McDonald's restaurants in the northern section of the country.   
The IADB had approved two earlier loans, totaling $440 million, for the same project. Brazil will receive two loans, each amounting to $100 million, to help finance industrial projects in the northeast region of the country and for an expansion of the public water system  serving  Brasilia, the country's capital city.   
Alan Kassan, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., said he raised his estimate of Viacom's market value to $55 a share from $50 because of the recent appreciation in values for cable television systems. Cable systems have been changing hands at increasingly higher prices recently, and Viacom owns cable systems  serving  about 940,000 subscribers.   
He now takes on the additional position of chief executive officer, succeeding Weldon W. Case, 66, Mid-Continent Telephone's founder. Mr. Case, who will continue to  serve  as chairman of Alltel, forged his career in a similarly single-minded style. Founding Mid-Continent Telephone in 1960, he built it from five small Ohio telephone companies into a network serving nearly a million customers in 19 states.   
The transaction includes J.B.N.'s Independent Communications Inc. unit, a Fairview, Kan., provider of communications services to the Defense Department, the telecommunications concern said. J.B.N. Telephone  serves  2,500 access lines in 13 exchanges in north central Kansas, Contel said.   
Certain thrift institutions had sought the loan-limit freeze, contending that the index inflates the purchase ceiling above the level Congress intended. Freddie Mac was intended to help moderate-income homebuyers, but by increasing the size of mortgages the company buys, the index results in it  serving  more affluent buyers, the critics said.   
Under the agreement, Kodak paid $6.30 a share for International Biotechnologies' 2.4 million shares outstanding, and acquired stock options under the company's convertible debt. The seven-year-old International Biotechnologies, with annual sales of about $7 million,  serves  the molecular biology market.   
But, the sources added, a reconstituted Air Atlanta wouldn't likely include Michael R. Hollis, the 33-year-old lawyer who in 1984 launched the airline. Operating out of its Atlanta hub, it eventually  served  nine cities.   
GenCorp Inc. said it probably won't close the sale of its New Jersey station WOR-TV to GTH-100, an MCA Inc. subsidiary, until next year. The tire, chemical, aerospace and broadcasting concern expects to realize about $250 million after taxes from the sale of the station, which  serves  the New York market.   
Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole granted antitrust immunity to airlines  serving  Chicago's O'Hare and Atlanta's Hartsfield airports so they can jointly set schedules in an effort to curb flight delays.   
On another issue, an Occidental spokesman said yesterday that bad weather in the North Sea continued to prevent repair work on an oil pipeline and extended the disruption of output from Occidental's fields there to the 12th day in a row. Pipeline repairs have halted production at the Flotta terminal, which  serves  the Piper, Scapa and Claymore fields operated by Occidental and two fields operated by Texaco North Sea U.K. Ltd., a unit of Texaco Inc.   
Increases in tuition, which have helped white colleges keep pace with growing operating costs, are hardly the answer for black colleges. Most of them were founded to  serve  indigent or poverty-stricken students, and they continue to attract youngsters from relatively poor families.   
Royale Airlines, a regional carrier  serving  14 cities in the oil patch, said it expects to seek Chapter 11 protection under the federal Bankruptcy Code.   
Martin Marietta Corp. said Southern New England Telephone Co. agreed to join its team seeking a federal telecommunications contract with an estimated value of $4.5 billion over 10 years. The aerospace and data-systems concern said Southern New England Telephone, a New Haven, Conn.-based independent phone company  serving  most of Connecticut, is an important addition to its team because of the substantial number of federal facilities in Connecticut.   
From friends in Washington and New York , Poston learned that a couple of New York's largest street gangs had forsaken their bloody wars and other criminal activities in favor of a comprehensive effort to reform the ghetto . They had established a riot-prevention force , a street academy  serving  1,600 high-school dropouts , a day-care center , and a whole panoply of social services .   
Terms weren't disclosed. CRS said it would retain a 49% interest in Sirrine Environmental Consultants Inc., a design, engineering and construction company  serving  power plants, waste companies and other companies involved in handling hazardous and toxic substances.   
Mr. Amoroso was traveling and couldn't be reached for comment. Mr. Teasley, 50, most recently was managing director of Coca-Cola Soft Drinks Ltd., the company's bottling unit that  serves  London and southern England.   
But the real action has come in the past two years, when Murdoch Magazines launched a U.S. version of the French fashion magazine Elle in a joint venture with French publisher Hachette Publications Inc., purchased New Woman and European Travel & Life, launched Automobile and acquired Ziff-Davis Inc.'s 13 business publications for $350 million. Using the Ziff-Davis trade publications, Murdoch Magazines now is exploring some ambitious electronic publishing products to  serve  the travel and aviation industries.   
Repetitive housekeeping functions are provided automatically , requiring less coding . COSMOS programs are compatible with each other , further reducing production codes , with one environment  serving  all processing .   
Frontier, a state-chartered stock association with assets of $6.9 million, was closed by state regulators. Its office won't reopen, and Frontier customers will be  served  through First Federal's branch in Fairbanks.   
At the same time the decision-making bodies were merged in a single Council of Ministers , also in Brussels . The Court of Justice ,  serving  the Community as a whole , sits in Luxembourg .   
They call for more testing, but only voluntary testing. They reject out of hand proposals for routine testing of individuals upon certain occasions: for example, for some or all of those admitted to hospitals, for those being treated at clinics  serving  "high-risk" populations, for couples seeking marriage licenses, and for prison inmates.   
The disaster was the first fatal accident for PSA since the 1978 collision of an airliner with a small plane over its headquarters city of San Diego killed 144. Its popular Los Angeles-San Francisco commuter service is the airline's largest single route,  serving  the nation's most heavily traveled air corridor.   
Some tv disc tracks are connected to tv displays, while other tracks feed D / A converters driving headphones. The prototype does not actually  serve  128 terminals, but uses six actual terminals, with the remainder software-simulated.   
Irvin's route led us up a creek called Nealy Branch , then across two lonely high mountains , until it reached the birthplace of another creek , called Hollybush . We followed this creek down toward the tiny community of Pippa Passes , where the post office is on the campus of picturesque Alice Lloyd College , which  serves  the youth of that isolated area .   
Further , while the data processing or computer specialist has traditionally been in charge , Mr. McFall believes this will change , and that the communications specialist will eventually become responsible for the management and direction of the merged information and communications systems . In any case , we will surely see the emergence of national and global information processing utilities ,  serving  hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions of subscribers on a time-sharing basis .   
They built a rural electric line near the town of Red Wing, Minnesota. It was only six miles long and was designed to  serve  the twenty farms located along its route.   
Those who were able to went out of town during the summer week-ends , or stayed behind their hedges . June and her mother lived over the corner shop of half a dozen that  served  such an area .   
Berg says Optran's circuitry and components are good for " thousands of hours of uninterrupted service, " and installing the equipment " requires minimum technical skill. " Datran plans to use this system in cities, to  serve  clusters of customers.   
The three were the last of the seven regional Bell holding companies to report results, which overall were among the least robust posted since the 1984 breakup of the Bell system. The earnings growth of Englewood, Colo.-based U S West masked weak performance by its basic telephone operations, which  serve  a sparsely populated and economically anemic region of 14 Western states, analysts said. The results of Bell Atlantic and especially BellSouth showed solid growth of their basic telephone operations, underscoring the strong regional economies the two companies serve.   
Dragonair has made some progress in the 20 months since it began flights to the East Malaysian city of Kota Kinabalu. Today, it flies to 14 cities in Japan, Thailand and China, and also has authorization from the Hong Kong government to  serve  34 Asian cities, although it must await country-to-country negotiations for landing rights to these places.   
Education Department officials said the proposal will be included in the fiscal 1988 budget request for the Chapter 1 program, which provides funding for remedial education. The request would boost Chapter 1's budget for the year beginning Oct. 1 to $4.1 billion from $3.9 billion and increase the number of students  served  to 5.5 million from five million.   
Under the pressure of free and compulsory education the literacy rate improved almost daily . Up to about the 1890's mass production was moving steadily up a high road , and the media which could have  served  it were still moving along a low road .   
He said he chose Piedmont, however, because the number of carriers offering transatlantic service would be increased. "The policy of maximizing the number of carriers in the U.S.-London market makes it (Piedmont) the clear choice over American, which  serves  London already from Dallas/Fort Worth," the judge said.   
An institution that can spend $20 billion on a water-projects bill, but won't give federal officials a long overdue raise at a teensy fraction of the pork barrel's cost is easy to ridicule. The public, however, is poorly  served  by a system that has pretty much reduced national politics to the level of a game measured in won-loss records.   
Inflationary expectations will persist, they say, and those expectations -- rather than underlying fundamentals -- could continue to drive commodity prices higher in the months ahead. Those expectations "aren't going to disappear," says Albert A. Gross, chief economist in the New York office of Refco Inc., a large futures and options firm  serving  institutional clients.   
Desks were discarded relics of the grade school. The only bathroom in each apartment had to  serve  one hundred and fifty youngsters.   
The Bank Board retained the failed thrift's assets of $120.8 million for liquidation. United will  serve  customers of the failed thrift at the Park City office for two weeks before closing that facility.   
Only commercial banks i.e., those typically engaged in financing production and distribution through short-term lending to business are eligible for the list. Some banks that have large assets and engage in commercial operations are excluded because they are primarily savings banks or because they  serve  a specialized clientele.   
Terra Nova, based in Gander, Newfoundland,  serves  50,000 subscribers in parts of Newfoundland and Labrador, and is expected to report net income for 1987 of four million Canadian dollars ($3.1 million) on revenue of 46 million dollars. Northwestel, based in Whitehorse, the Yukon, serves 35,000 subscribers in the Yukon, the Northwest Territories and northern British Columbia, and is expected to report 1987 net income of 7.6 million dollars on revenue of 67 million dollars.   
Medicaid spending on AIDS will jump sixfold to $2.4 billion annually by fiscal 1992 from $400 million this year, a top federal health official told members of President Reagan's AIDS commission at their first public meeting. Federal funds will have to pay for more than half the expenditures of the Medicaid program  serving  about 40% of the acquired immune deficiency syndrome population nationwide and 65% of the patients in some high-incidence areas such as New York City.   
In turn, the telecommunications giant will be the exclusive outside supplier to Western Digital for devices known as CMOS wafers, small circular platters of computer chips that work faster and cooler than most current semiconductors. William Warwick, AT&T division president, said the pact will significantly boost its CMOS business and give AT&T, a recent newcomer in selling chips to other companies, access to customers long  served  by its new partner.   
No more. Distressed by the escalating costs of medical care, businesses and the insurance companies that  serve  them are beginning to shuck the role of passive bill-payer.   
Continental yesterday abandoned what it had called the "biggest airline ticket giveaway ever" after Madison Square Garden in New York and the Meadowlands sports facility in nearby East Rutherford, N.J., refused to host the giveaway. Continental, a Texas Air Corp. unit, wanted to celebrate Sunday the airline's becoming the largest carrier  serving  the New York area.   
THE COMPUTER INDUSTRY practices what it preaches. Its high-tech members are moving rapidly into a world in which computers design computers made by robots controlled by still other computers, all to  serve  customers who will place orders -- by computer. (If one of these new machines has a bug, it can call yet another computer for help.)   
The partnership that started out with 14 members and four earth stations now boasts 83 members with 53 stations in 39 countries . By 1973 it will have 70 earth stations and be  serving  every heavily populated area of the free world .   
UtiliCorp United Inc. said it completed the acquisition of West Kootenay Power & Light Co. from Vancouver, British Columbia-based Cominco Ltd., a mining concern, for $61 million. The utility said West Kootenay, a hydroelectric utility that  serves  97,000 customers, had 1986 revenue of $44.5 million.   
TranStar Airlines, a subsidiary of Dallas-based Southwest Airlines, said it will form a commuter airline with closely held Rio Airways to  serve  six Texas cities.   
And the big banks take advantage of this weakness by insisting that the small banks keep on deposit unusually heavy non-earning balances. In general, the small banks  serve  their local communities very poorly.   
Gull Air Inc., a commuter airline that  serves  the Boston and Miami markets, sued Texas Air Corp. and its chief executive officer, Frank Lorenzo, alleging "predatory business practices aimed at the destruction of Gull Air."   
Moreover, most major Japanese concerns have rapidly moved production, or at least, final assembly, to the U.S. Sony, for example, has announced plans to expand its color-TV plant in San Diego, Calif. Matsushita has two facilities, including one in Vancouver, Wash., to  serve  the GE contract.   
Shares in most major U.S. corporations are bought and sold ( traded , in Wall Street jargon ) on the New York Stock Exchange ; their younger and more speculative competitors show up on the Curb ; and most of the rest , comprising tens of thousands of companies , large and small , are found over-the-counter . Besides the major exchanges , there are at least fifteen others , the most important being the handful of markets  serving  Detroit , Boston , Pittsburgh , Baltimore , Chicago , San Francisco and their respective environs .   
The Bell telecommunications company is based in Philadelphia. It  serves  Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia and Washington, D.C.   
" I'm tired of accumulating facts for the sake of facts. Let science be lost if it doesn't  serve  us."   
NWA acquired Republic last August. Moody's said that because Republic's route systems will have to be "fine-tuned" to better  serve  Northwest's Pacific routes, benefits from the merger will not be immediate.   
Mrs. Dole contends that serious scheduling problems at the two airports require rescheduling flights from extremely busy times to less congested hours. The Transportation Department secretary also granted "conditional immunity" to carriers  serving  five other airports -- Dallas-Fort Worth, Boston, Denver, Philadelphia and Newark, N.J.   
The bid is being made by the company's Mark IV Acquisition Corp. unit. The offer fits Mark IV's strategy of buying specialty manufacturers that  serve  niche markets considered too small for large companies and too complicated and expensive for small companies.   
Mr. Kramer will also help market a product that has found growing acceptance with a large body of users, both within the U.S. and internationally. The data communications market that Telematics  serves  is still in its infancy.   
The states were incapable of coping with the national, indeed international, economic collapse. The Constitution must be broadly interpreted to enable the central power to  serve  the general welfare.   
It also is one that the 52-year-old Mr. Gardini manages to escape from -- Venice is some 80 miles from his office and principal home in Ravennan -- early every weekend. There's a telephone in the wood-paneled elevator that  serves  Ca'Dario's wood-paneled dining room, but Mr. Gardini gives the distinct impression that any calls had better be important.   
But as the distinction begins to blur between personal computers and more sophisticated workstations, both in terms of price and performance, market opportunities broaden for both industries. Indeed, Mr. McNealy said he would like to see Sun expand its markets down into areas traditionally  served  by personal computer manufacturers -- such as more conventional office automation -- even as personal computer makers are attempting to move into more sophisticated markets.   
The fight, of course, is the long-running and bitter battle between Long Island Lighting Co. (Lilco) and political forces that include, most importantly, those of New York governor Mario Cuomo. In the narrowest and most superficial sense, the quarrel is over whether Lilco's Shoreham nuclear-power plant represents a threat to the safety of the heavily populated area it is intended to  serve .   
It has noted that Arlington, Va.-based USAir and Winston-Salem, N.C.-based Piedmont compete against each other on 21 nonstop routes, mostly in the Northeast, and are the only competitors on nine of those. But James Weiss, head of the Justice Department's transportation section, said his agency found that the threat of heightened competition from Delta Air Lines, Allegis Corp.'s United Airlines, AMR Corp.'s American Airlines and NWA Inc.'s Northwest Airlines, which also  serve  a substantial part of the Northeast, would deter the merger partners from raising fares or cutting service.   
National Intergroup Inc. said its National Steel Corp. unit and Marubeni Corp. will build a $17 million facility to  serve  the automotive industry.   
"There always seems to be some knot in the hose," says Relle Moore, plant manager at E.J. Snyder Inc., a textile-finishing company in Albemarle, N.C. Mr. Moore figures Snyder would save $100,000 annually if it could buy "transportation" gas, as the industry calls gas purchased directly from a producer. But Snyder has been unable to persuade Transco Energy Co., the only interstate pipeline operator  serving  North Carolina, to provide it with transportation service.   
It has clouded the future of the institutions that up to now have borne much of the burden of educating the teachers , lawyers , ministers , and other leaders of black America . Now the colleges , particularly the private ones , that traditionally have  served  blacks are in serious trouble , and the continued existence of many of them is in doubt .   
Small freight items and passengers travel in privately owned station wagons , nine-passenger limousines , or small buses that operate independently and make at least one round trip daily from the country districts to the island's main town . Honolulu has a city transit system , with regular frequent schedules  serving  most neighborhoods in the city and its suburbs .   
Huron County had come far since his last visit . The crowded airport now  served  two national and three regional airlines .   
Should the company's banks remain unwilling to extend further credit, he said, Gulf States probably would be forced to try raising the necessary funds through a sale of "junk bonds -- "high-risk, high-yielding securities, probably debentures, that probably would yield 11.75% to 12%. Gulf States, which  serves  a wide area of Texas and Louisiana, has been struggling to obtain higher rates to pay for its $4.4 billion River Bend nuclear plant in St. Francisville, La.   
For example, I-5 through Seattle, the most complex freeway of all, is credited with saving this bottle-shaped city from strangulation. On one stretch, in the morning, 8 of the 12 lanes that  serve  the business district carry high-speed incoming traffic.   
The loose groupings of city interests who have fought the Interstate with lawsuits and civil disturbances are being joined by growing numbers of suburban residents. The close-in suburbanites are alarmed at plans to expand existing highways and build new loops and radials to  serve  the new outer suburbs.   
Against this background , in October , 1970 , there came a letter to the FTC from Representative Joe L. Evins of Tennessee . The TVA , which  serves  Evins' constituents , had just raised its electricity rates 25 percent .   
Since October, the unit's three top executives -- who are among the candidates for the vacant position -- have been reporting directly to Mr. Shipley. They are Alan M. Silverstein, 39, senior vice president in charge of the credit card business; Morgan B. Stark, 47, executive vice president for private banking, which  serves  affluent customers; and William H. Turner, 46, executive vice president in charge of New York-area retail banking operations.   
The report said "the federal government should initiate a program of widespread, long-term experiments in welfare policy through state-sponsored and community-based demonstration projects." Mr. Hobbs included in welfare some 59 means-tested programs (those in which benefits are restricted to people in certain income categories) that  serve  52 million Americans and cost $132 billion in fiscal 1985.   
About 100,000 of the shares will be redeemed under sinking fund provisions for the issue; the remaining 150,000 shares are being redeemed at the company's option. Consumers Power, based in Jackson, Mich., is Michigan's largest utility,  serving  six million residents.   
The lawsuit charged National Fuel's utility subsidiary, National Fuel Gas Distribution Corp., with breach of a contract to purchase synthetic natural gas from Ashland. National Fuel, which  serves  natural gas customers in Pennsylvania and New York, had been buying the synthetic gas from Ashland since 1972, under a contract that was to run through 1984.   
"He has the kind of commercial savvy we need," said a company official. "He understands the industrial markets we  serve ."   
In fiscal 1987, Mesaba had revenue of $21.8 million. Mesaba, with 385 employees,  serves  21 markets in six states, carrying passengers to and from Northwest's giant hub at the Minneapolis/St.   
Visitors literally pop in. The kuggery's size makes two and sometimes three seal-oil lamps a must, but at the same time the extra lamps  serve  more people.   
There have been too few rational decisions regarding the organization of the computer. Too often edp organization just happens without analysis as to how best to fit the power of the computer to  serve  the corporation.   
Through QO Chemicals, Pentech produces certain specialty chemicals that are used to make furfuryl alcohol and other products used in foundry resins, plastics, flame retardant building materials, oil refining and urethane systems. Great Lakes said QO's specialty chemical line fits well into several markets it already  serves  and enhances its international presence.   
Founded only 10 years ago by a group led by Sherwin Memel, an intense man with an expertise in health-care law, it was for a time one of the nation's fastest-growing law firms. It focused on  serving  clients in the growing health-care industry such as health maintenance organizations, for-profit hospitals and health-care insurers.   
Shortly afterward, the Florida insurance department took charge of the company's day-to-day management, saying its financial statements showed it to be insolvent. International Medical  serves  170,000 patients in Florida, 79% of whom are Medicare recipients.   
We'd forgotten to put in the deck plugs . " They hauled her out and for some thirty years the Gee Whiz  served  us nobly .   
TranStar Airlines is offering special senior citizens discount fares that range from $15 to $59 each way in the 12 markets it  serves .   
"They are strapped at a critical time," according to one analyst who declined to be identified. The company regularly touts its world-wide capital markets capabilities to  serve  giant multinationals.   
USAir, based in Washington, operates primarily in the East and Midwest. Pacific Southwest, based in San Diego,  serves  29 airports, mostly on the West Coast.   
Texas Oil & Gas Corp., a unit of USX Corp., said it agreed to construct an intrastate natural gas pipeline in south Texas in partnership with Northern Indiana Public Service Co. The proposed 110-mile pipeline would provide additional capacity from the Lobo Trend area to pipelines in south Texas that  serve  most U.S. markets, the companies said.   
Trans World Airlines, for example, has drastically reduced its planning force and eliminated layers of management under Carl Icahn, who controls the carrier. American Airlines, which once stationed a controller's office at each airport it  served , now has a total of four controllers across the country.   
The utility holding company said its Peoples Natural Gas division is primarily involved in the distribution of natural gas, rather than in transmission. The 800-mile gathering and transmission system  serves  south central Kansas, the company said.   
Bendigo , called after an English boxer , has managed to avoid the fate of so many places that , launched by the gold rush of 1851 , were subsequently left like stranded whales by the ebbing of the golden tide . Now it is a market town  serving  a prosperous farming area , with a few smallish industries and a substantial population of the retired well-to-do .   
Some had been built already and seven families had moved in. The foundations of seven more were being laid and ready to  serve  them were a health clinic and a community building where adult education and vocational training classes were under way.   
The rate rollback reflects in part the new lower federal tax rate. Consolidated Edison, which  serves  New York City and Westchester County, hasn't had a rate increase since 1983.   
" If you want a president who's different, " I said, " vote for my opponents, because both of them are different from the vast majority of us. For the last 2-1/2 years they have belonged to a smooth-running, efficient and thoroughly unimaginative government which has forgotten the students it is supposed to  serve .   
The legislation authorizes spending to modernize the nation's air-traffic control system, hire 1,000 additional air-traffic controllers, and make airport improvements. It would also extend for 10 years the Essential Air Service program, which provides subsidies to airlines  serving  small and medium-sized communities that might otherwise have inadequate service.   
Bendix Corp., Southfield, Mich. For information: Circle 523 on Reader Card Up to 64 asynchronous circuits using private phone lines, or switched TWX, TELEX, or WATS lines in any combination, can be accommodated by this firm's initial product in the digital telecommunications market. Called REDECOM, the unit also handles up to three synchronous circuits using the Binary Synchronous Communications mode to  serve  up to 512 terminals.   
The 12 districts, in turn, would be required to vote within 18 months on consolidating into six districts. Stockholders in production credit associations and land bank associations that  serve  the same geographic area would then vote on merging.   
Atlantic Richfield's primary concern appeared to be the Alaskan oil that it and Humble had struck , which it wanted to bring to the east coast . The company viewed Machias as the prospective site of a new refinery using some combination of regular domestic , Alaskan , and foreign crude and  serving  the New England and other eastern markets .   
Amtrak should be privatized not only to remove its burden on taxpayers but to find out exactly where and in what form intercity rail transportation is economically viable. The Postal Service argues that its privatization would disadvantage remote, hard-to-service areas that are now cross-subsidized, but the parcel services that already compete with Uncle Sam don't seem to have trouble finding ways to  serve  customers.   
It is expected to be completed in the spring of 1988. Colgate said it chose the site because its location can best  serve  the company's Midwest and Northeast markets.   
If an airline has mistreated you, file a complaint with the Civil Aeronautics Board in Washington, D.C. Don't expect immediate results from these letters. Some critics believe that the federal regulatory agencies have much more sympathy with the industries they regulate than with the customers whom those industries  serve  and there is a good deal of evidence to support this view.   
It was $98 a year ago. Fares are also rising in a few markets that aren't even dominated by a carrier, particularly if People Express  served  the market.   
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said the Treasury awarded it an $86 million contract for a digital telecommunications system. AT&T is to provide a 26,000-line switching system to  serve  all Treasury offices in metropolitan Washington.   
Youth Plan is fairly practical between big airports that schedule plenty of flights for you to fall back on, but it's perilous between two-flights-a-day towns. What's more, small airlines (which  serve  small towns) don't honor the Youth Plan but have plans of their own, most of them less economical.   
Century said it expects to be joined in the acquisition and management of Community Cablevision by ML Media Partners L.P., its partner in the Puerto Rican cable-TV company it already operates. Century said it owns or operates 45 cable-TV systems that  serve  690,000 primary subscribers in 21 states and Puerto Rico.   
The Transportation Department gave final approval to American Airlines to acquire ACI Holdings Inc. for $225 million. The department said the takeover wouldn't substantially reduce competition on routes  served  by both American and ACI Holdings' unit, AirCal, because other carriers provide competitive service.   
Rollins Burdick, an insurance brokerage concern, said it will merge Adams & Porter with its Texas operations. The company said the acquisition will significantly strengthen its commitment to  serve  the Southwest and bring expertise in the field of marine and energy insurance.   
Texas Air Corp.'s Continental Airlines unit criticized the rule because it applies only to the 27 largest airports. The carrier, which said it will ask that the rule be expanded to include all markets  served  by the carriers, said consumers also should be given a single number indicating an airline's on-time performance throughout the system.   
The credit card operations, Bank of America Card Services, has assets of about $26 million. It  serves  115,000 cardholders and 35,000 merchants in the West German market.   
The utilities plan to use the additional revenue for plant investments and operating expenses, the company added. Manchester Gas  serves  about 18,000 customers in the Manchester area.   
While there is no doubt that the C. C. R. position would be endorsed by most young people entering business today, it raises at least as many questions as it answers. It can be argued that, within the boundaries set by law and social custom, business should indeed maximize profits if it is to operate efficiently and truly  serve  society well.   
The new president and chief executive officer says the company is approached by potential suitors "all the time." They come mostly from the publishing industry, which Hammond  serves .   
A display features the latest in electric heat pumps. In the "video center," businessmen thinking about setting up shop in Georgia can punch a button and see every available industrial site in the state that is  served  by Georgia Powerplus a videotaped introduction to Georgia by Southern Co. Chairman Edward Addison, either in English or dubbed in Japanese or German.   
The notes, which could have been payable next March 31, represented a potential liability of about $20 million. The company, which  serves  markets in electronic and electrical parts, custom-engineered products and swimming pools, said elimination of the notes will raise shareholder equity 11% as it carried $7.5 million of the potential liability on its balance sheet at the end of the second quarter.   
NYNEX CORP. increased its quarterly dividend 9.2%, to 95 cents a share from 87 cents, payable May 1 to shares of record March 31. The company said the dividend reflects a confidence in its ability to tap "the great potential of the expanding markets we  serve ."   
But with Europe in a slump, jobs are hard to come by. The executive-placement firms usually  serve  only the largest British corporations and have little contact with smaller companies that might hire an American if they knew he was available.   
The debt and interest would be exchanged for as much as $8.6 million face amount of 12% senior subordinated notes due 1994; as much as $23.6 million face amount of 9.35% convertible debentures due 1997; as many as 16.5 million Digicon common shares; and as much as $22.1 million face amount of extinguishable debt certificates. Digicon, a surveying and data-processing concern that  serves  the oil industry, said the certificates will expire without value if the new senior subordinated notes and convertible debentures are redeemed, retired or converted in a timely manner.   
The wholesale food distributor, which operates nationwide, attributed the results to "difficulties in Northern California where divisions have been affected by an excessive inventory buildup and resulting increases in expenses." The company said it recently closed a distribution facility in Richmond, Calif., that  served  about 360 retail food stores because the facility was "small and couldn't be renovated or enlarged."   
Under Mr. Ely, who became chief executive in early 1985, Convergent has embarked on a new strategy to create what it calls a "federation" of software companies specializing in applications for small businesses. Mr. Smith said Convergent's software activities, including subsidiaries  serving  auto dealerships, beverage distributorships and lumber yards, currently account for about a third of the company's revenue, with the remainder coming from Convergent's traditional original-equipment, or OEM, computer businesses.   
They are Britain and France, heading a European consortium, and, more recently, Japan and China. All have run into difficulties in designing large rocket boosters; the European group, which wants to develop a regional communication satellite of its own to  serve  Western Europe, has had special difficulties.   
Sunday, Dec. 28, 9-10 p.m. ET, on WNYW in New York; various dates and times in other markets  served  by Orbis Communications (check local listings): "The Entrepreneurs, Program III, Expanding America."   
The utility said it expects a decision by May, but that it hasn't yet decided when it might take the write-down. WPPSS, a municipal power supply system, undertook an ambitious plan to build five nuclear power plants to  serve  the Northwest.   
It was divided into pens of various sizes by heavy wire mesh stretched between a framework of tubing, so that the caged animals were always in sight of anyone in the four personnel corridors which ran fore and aft along the sides of the enclosure. The food and water dispensers also differed in size and complexity, and were fitted to the common wall between two cages so as to  serve  both.   
Similarly, lack of space at Lackawanna demanded construction of huge cylindrical filtering tanks, spread around different parts of the plant, in which process water is now filtered to crystal clarity before it is released back into Lake Erie. At Burns Harbor, where low-slung buildings stretch over 3,300 acres of land, Bethlehem engineers were able to build a central treatment facility to  serve  the entire plant.   
Mr. Fickling said the company will concentrate on its psychiatric facilities, which represent its most profitable segment. "We have an aggressive expansion program to bring freestanding psychiatric hospitals to communities that haven't been  served ," he said.   
They spent years building a company that many people in this predominantly black city had hoped would anchor a strong black business sector. The company still  serves  the community, but the new owner is white.   
He said SAS also wants to determine the outcome of talks that could lead to the liberalization of air travel between the U.S. and Scandinavia. SAS hopes to receive approval from U.S. authorities to fly to an unlimited number of American destinations, instead of the four U.S. cities it currently can  serve .   
Most open their doors to ventures of any kind. But now, newer incubators are taking a page from company founders themselves by adopting niche strategies and  serving  specific industry segments.   
Piedmont's Baltimore hub and USAir's hub in Washington would give the new company a strong presence in the region. Moreover, the merger would combine two of the best balance sheets in the industry along with similar pay scales, compatible fleets of medium-range aircraft and a common history of prospering by  serving  second-tier hubs like Pittsburgh and Charlotte, N.C.   
Trygve Mhyren, chief executive officer of Time Inc.'s 80%-owned American Television & Communications Inc., says, "We wouldn't pay $2,000 (per subscriber) for everything, but we're willing to do it for things that make sense," for example, systems that are geographically contiguous to existing American Television markets. Mr. Mhyren says that since last August his company has bought cable systems  serving  80,000 subscribers at prices ranging between $1,200 and $2,000 per subscriber.   
The Wall Street Journal/Europe will transmit full-page images of each issue via satellite from its printing center in Heerlen, the Netherlands, to the Ringier plant. The plant will  serve  subscribers and newsstand buyers in Switzerland, Italy, Austria, and southern Germany.   
But Mr. Zeeman maintained that UAL has been able to achieve several cost savings. For example, the company can demand discount prices from suppliers who want to  serve  both United and Hertz.   
The proposed purchase is in line with Convergent's strategy, under Paul C. Ely, chairman and chief executive officer, to create what it has called a federation of software companies specializing in applications for small businesses. The software activities  serve , for example, auto dealers, beverage distributors and lumber yards.   
As a trade association  serving  1,250 of the U.S.'s and Canada's finest health, racquet and athletic clubs, we winced when we read your April 3 second-front-page article "Fiscal Fitness: Efforts to Regulate Health Clubs Fail to End Abuses."   
Public Service has said it has enough cash to pay its bills until the end of the year. Eastern Maine, which  serves  about 9,400 rural customers, has annual revenue of about $6.5 million, said James L. Dean III, general manager.   
"The only news that moved the market at all (Friday) has been the continuing debate about whether the (Reagan) administration is willing to let the dollar fall further," said Daniel O'Connell, senior dealer at First National Bank of Chicago. Mr. O'Connell said the market perked up on a report by Market News Service, a small wire service  serving  mainly currency and bond traders.   
The rating concern cited emergency rate increases recently granted by Louisiana and Texas regulators. Gulf States, which  serves  the slumping petrochemical-producing region of the Gulf Coast, has been seeking higher rates to pay for its $4.4 billion River Bend nuclear plant in St. Francisville, La.   
AVX and Vishay said they expect to continue operating all the divisions' plants and will offer employment to most of the 2,600 Corning employees world-wide in those operations. Corning said it will continue to  serve  its electronics customers until the transactions are completed, which is expected by year-end.   
Britt Airways, a commuter carrier that Texas Air acquired when it purchased People Express Inc. last year, will replace Royale's role as a regional feeder for Continental in the markets where Royale flew. Royale already was smarting from a decline in passenger traffic and revenue -- it  served  primarily business traffic in the depressed oil patch.   
The cotton gin brought to the South the only part of the Industrial Revolution with which it found no fault and which it adopted more widely than all other manufacturing devices. The steam engine was adopted principally to  serve  the gin or to transport the staple it processed.   
New York-based Nynex Corp. is a member of another group that wants to lay a transatlantic phone cable on the ocean floor. Both companies  serve  large numbers of business and financial customers and see international transmission of data as a large growth market.   
The notes are due March 20, 1990. Sallie Mae, a financial intermediary  serving  the education credit market, said proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.   
OPEC has, of course, revived the fixed-price system once, and possibly could do it again. But oil executives and analysts maintain that the collapse of the system that has  served  OPEC and the rest of the oil industry so well for decades is an egg that can't be unscrambled.   
The abbreviations used in this volume for degrees granted by individual institutions are listed and explained below. This section of the Guide includes those colleges that provide limited residential facilities and / or  serve  primarily a local student body.   
In addition, almost 1,000 IBMers now work full time at large companies' data centers. Last year, IBM added 70 special teams to the 130 that each  serve  one major customer; it is adding 200 more.   
No tucker for them here now , but they'll come back with the wet . " This was echoed next day by a girl in White Cliffs , a ghost town that once  served  a cluster of opal mines .   
The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad unit of Rio Grande Industries is a 2,500-mile system between Utah and Kansas City, Mo. The combination would create one of the five largest rail systems in the U.S., a 15,500-mile system  serving  14 states.   
Occidental Petroleum Corp. said its subsidiary in the United Kingdom would declare a force majeure in its North Sea operations on Friday if pipeline repairs continue to interrupt oil production there. The energy and agricultural-products concern said the pipeline repairs have halted production at the Flotta terminal, which  serves  the Piper, Scapa and Claymore fields operated by the Occidental unit and two fields operated by Texaco North Sea U.K. Ltd., a unit of Texaco Inc.   
The ICC recently scheduled oral arguments for May 14 on whether it should reopen the case. Mr. Reed, who began his career at Santa Fe in 1939, first proposed in 1980 the merger of the two railroads, which  serve  extensive parts of the West and Southwest, but could reach no agreement at the time with his longtime rival, Benjamin Biaggini, then-chairman of the Southern Pacific Co.   
Traffic on the Ben Franklin Bridge , for example , has dropped between 2 and 3 percent , as measured during a twenty-four-hour period . That may not sound like much of a reduction , but it came about despite substantial growth in the numbers of people and automobiles in the region  served  by the line .   
This notion was akin to the child's notion that living in a hotel is free because you don't pay for anything , you only sign your name ; that is to say , the notion is true some of the time but times do come when it is not true . Such a time came for the advertising business , along with the economy it  served  , with the 1930's .   
Eastern started the "Moonlight Special" in April 1985 from Houston. The flights, which  served  18 cities, were moved to Chicago's O'Hare Airport this February.   
In August 1982, the company received a 4.26% annual rate increase, or $39.6 million. At that time, the commission said that in its next rate increase, the company should bring the different rates of return for its various customer groups more in line with the actual cost of  serving  them.   
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. plans to sell a majority stake in Sky Channel, its European cable satellite service, to investors in countries the system  serves .   
The legislators see it as offering federal aid in place of the currently litigation-stalled plan for stronger units to bail out weaker ones. "The longer these court cases stay out, the longer the poorer banks are going to be in jeopardy," said Rep. Fred Grandy (R., Iowa), whose congressional district is  served  by the system's struggling Omaha, Neb., district.   
Continental Airlines said it will establish a "mini-hub" in Cleveland while it lays the groundwork for further growth at that airport later this year. The Texas Air Corp. unit is increasing daily departures to 25 from 16 July 1, and is doubling the number of cities it  serves  nonstop from Cleveland to 10.   
UtiliCorp United Inc. said it received the approval of the West Virginia Public Service Commission to acquire West Virginia Power from Dominion Resources Inc. for $19 million. The utility said it signed a definitive agreement in September 1985 to buy West Virginia Power, which  serves  22,000 electricity customers.   
The problem becomes not one of trying to stop companies from growing large this is impossible and not even desirable. The problem is to keep the giants in a genuinely competitive position so that they will  serve  the consumer well, and not grow at his expense.   
When President Reagan's new Commission on Privatization discussed recently what government assets could be sold, former Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird, now a counselor for Reader's Digest, called for exempting the Postal Service from such an examination. Mr. Laird, who admitted he had a conflict of interest because the Digest is the service's largest private postal customer, said that rural areas would not be  served  if "the cream of the crop {were} skimmed off."   
This compact had two aspects. First, in return for a monopoly franchise, utilities accepted an obligation to  serve  all comers.   
Canadian National is owned by the Canadian government. Terra Nova, based in Gander, Newfoundland,  serves  50,000 subscribers in parts of Newfoundland and Labrador, and is expected to report net income for 1987 of four million Canadian dollars ($3.1 million) on revenue of 46 million dollars.   
She added that when the account was introduced in March 1984, the company operated only three full-service thrift units outside New York. She said Citicorp intends to rely more heavily on those units, as well as others acquired since then, to  serve  individual customers.   
The water you so casually speak of is more often to be found in the walls and on the floors than in the convenient wash basin or bath to which you are accustomed . I've visited homes of some of these children where water for a family in an upstairs flat had to be fetched by bucket or pail from the single back-yard tap which  served  five or six families .   
In giving its tentative go-ahead, the transportation agency said that USAir and PSA operate largely in different regions of the country. USAir's principal hub is Pittsburgh, and of the 83 airports the airline  serves , only about a dozen are west of St. Louis. PSA serves 29 airports, mostly on the West Coast.   
At yesterday's closing price, those shares have an indicated value of about $84 million. On the basis of subscribers  served , the partnerships are nearly as valuable as the public company. Essex serves about 63,000 subscribers, its four partnerships about 62,000.   
NaBanco holders will receive 30% of the purchase price in cash and 70% in First Financial common with a value of $27 a share for the initial payment, the company said. NaBanco, which  serves  15,000 customers, had 1986 revenue of $122 million, First Financial said.   
But scheduled air carriers are still the safest form of transportation known to mankind. If there are adequate resources for the FAA to hire and train controllers, inspectors and technicians, to improve airports, and to develop and procure new equipment, the U.S. aviation system will continue to improve and to  serve  the economy and the American people extraordinarily well.   
The 31-branch West German unit, Monchengladbach-based Bankhaus Centrale Credit AG, had total year-end assets of about $500 million, BankAmerica said. The credit card operation, Bank of America Card Services, Frankfurt, has assets of about $28 million and  serves  about 115,000 customers in West Germany.   
Alaska Air Group, parent of Alaska Airlines, said it was unable to reach "satisfactory" terms. San Juan Airlines  serves  Washington's Puget Sound area with 12 aircraft.   
Acton Corp. said its Acton CATV Inc. unit completed the previously announced sale of its Utah cable-television properties to Insight Communications Co., New York, for $24.5 million. The Utah properties, most of which are near Salt Lake City,  serve  about 16,000 subscribers in 14 cities.   
They're operating now with one Sigma 7 but hope to have multiple-computer processing and 10,000 customer terminals installed in the Los Angeles area within a year. Ultimately the company wants to  serve  every large metropolitan area in the country through " several large centers, " but right now it's still " think local."   
USAir operates primarily in the East and Midwest. PSA  serves  29 airports, mainly on the West Coast.   
Moody's Investors Service Inc. said the agreement, if completed, could lead to a possible downgrading of ratings on Chemical's $1.3 billion of debt, and to a possible upgrading of ratings on Texas Commerce's $250 million of debt. Chemical, known for its expertise in  serving  consumers and middle-market companies, expects to help Texas Commerce expand its retail banking operations, an area in which Texas Commerce isn't considered strong.   
But the deal hangs on whether the British Aircraft Corporation decides to re-open its VC10 production line , shut down nearly a year ago . First countries to be  served  by the new airline : Albania , Tanzania , Algeria , Congo-Brazzaville and Iraq .   
The GI'S letter home was published in the Akron , Ohio , Beacon Journal on March 27 , 1967 , and cited in In the Name of America , a study of U.S. military behavior in Vietnam published in 1968 by the Clergy and Laymen Concerned About Vietnam . Terry Reid's account of action in the 11th Brigade was published by The Paper , a daily newspaper  serving  Central Wisconsin : " Fond du Lac GI says Viet Slaughter " Common , " " by Allen Ekvall .   
The publishing company said it expects to complete the sale by year's end. Woodbury, N.Y.-based Cablevision already owns one-third of SportsChannel, which  serves  subscribers in New England, New York, Chicago and Philadelphia.   
The cost of the bakeries wasn't disclosed. The two new bakeries represent a new market for Staley, which had not previously  served  McDonald's facilities in those countries, a spokesman said.   
But glass may give way to plastics." However, Richard Ringoen, Ball's chairman, president and chief executive officer, said, "We are looking at this combination as a good business opportunity for our company, as well as a strengthened commitment on our part to  serving  the glass container market."   
Specifically , the commission said the established carriers could abandon the present rate-making system to meet competition . This system averages the costs of  serving  high- and low-density areas .   
But America West subsequently dropped its objections, and the Orange County Board of Supervisors agreed to provide TWA with two slots at the airport to allow it to begin service there. In addition, American agreed to give up two of its slots at the airport; the county board assigned them to UAL Inc.'s United Airlines, which also will begin  serving  the airport.   
It probably will involve the sale or closing of a construction-equipment tire plant in Bloomington, Ill., and a farm tire plant in Des Moines, Iowa, Mr. Nevin said. Firestone is seeking to sell the plants, which  serve  markets that have shrunk drastically, to employees or to merge them into another producer to preserve jobs, Mr. Nevin said.   
American Cablesystems Corp. said a subsidiary agreed in principle to acquire a cable television system in the Los Angeles area from Heritage Communications Inc. for $15.5 million. The subsidiary, American Cablesystems of California Inc., proposed to buy a system that  serves  eight communities in Los Angeles County and has about 12,000 subscribers, the parent said.   
The sale is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions and is expected to be completed within 120 days, Adams-Russell said. The cable-TV system  serves  about 51,000 subscribers in Rockford, Loves Park, Machesney Park, Cherry Valley, Morristown and Winnebago County, Ill., the company added.   
One reason for the emphasis on job search is that it is relatively cheap. The programs can  serve  more recipients if they help them look for existing jobs than if they try to provide them with expensive training or government jobs.   
Mr. Breskovich contends that much of the current clamor to plug the loophole comes from shore-based processing plants in Alaska, which he considers inadequate to compete with factory ships processing at sea. Catcher ships  serving  a mother factory ship travel only 20 to 30 miles to unload, while those serving shore plants often go 200 miles or more, he says.   
If Sovereignty at Bay is right, the time of these enterprises also will be finite. And the new wave of multinational enterprises just offstage will be no less indispensable, no less dominant and, alas, even more tension begetting in the countries they  serve  than those that went before.   
There is a Jamaican broadcast station owned by the government . It  serves  the entire island . "   
Based on Rochester's closing price of $44.75 a share in composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, the transaction has a total value of about $26.3 million. Enterprise, which  serves  about 15,700 access lines in a territory between Harrisburg, Pa., and Philadelphia, will become Rochester Telephone's third telephone operating company in Pennsylvania.   
Scripps-Howard Broadcasting, a subsidiary of Scripps Howard, a closely held communications concern, said the sale is expected to boost its 1987 earnings by about $18.1 million, or about $1.75 a share, although a final transaction amount won't be determined until certain post-closing adjustments have been made. Scripps-Howard Broadcasting sold its interest in systems  serving  about 121,000 subscribers in Fairfield County and the Bridgeport area.   
The guide, which had revenue of about $30 million last year, tailors listings to individual cable systems. Mr. Broyles, who in addition to his Newsweek post was the founding editor of Texas Monthly magazine, said, "The magazine's readers use it all month long, and the opportunity to continue improving how it  serves  its readers is an exciting one."   
Weichert Realtors Inc. said it acquired AD&P Realtors, parent of Andrews, Dickinson & Pinkstone, an independent agency based in West Chester, Pa., that  serves  six Philadelphia-area counties and Delaware.   
PS Group has interests in oil and gas exploration and jet-fuel marketing, among other things. Pacific Southwest  serves  29 airports, primarily on the West Coast.   
The investor group includes American-Standard's president, Terry A. Tevis. The Memphis, Tenn.-based printing unit, which now will operate under the name American Signature Graphics,  serves  magazine, catalog and commercial markets.   
The department said the takeover wouldn't substantially reduce competition on routes  served  by both American and ACI Holdings' unit, AirCal, because other carriers provide competitive service. The agency also said there is no evidence that other carriers can't obtain needed facilities at 13 of the 14 airports served by both airlines.   
Some colleges seek actively to attract a diverse student body that reflects the variety geographical, economic, racial, religious, and cultural of the entire nation. Other institutions are designed to  serve  a specific clientele members of a particular church, residents of a given area, or individuals interested in some specialized field of study.   
Instead, they pull up the drawbridges over their moats and fight to protect their monopoly franchises. Many have good reasons: Insane regulatory policies often prevent them from meeting competition or obligate them to remain prepared to meet the future needs of customers who have chosen to be  served  by a competitor.   
Henry Seidel Canby , one of America's foremost men of letters , was a non-Friend who attended the Quaker school in Wilmington , Delaware , in the 1890's . Of this experience he wrote : At first the academies ,  serving  both boys and girls , were governed by the strictest rules .   
"Avia stands more for technical (performance) side of the business and Reebok, the fashion side," she said. "As long as Reebok and Avia can  serve  different parts of the market, they will serve a bigger part of the market."   
The general manager calls in local airline executives in the summer when he gets his schedule for the coming season . Since each of the NHL clubs is in a major city , there are several major airlines  serving  his city and the general manager usually is able to take care of most of his reservations .   
The carrier said American Eagle will offer the same level of service as American and will add one flight between Burbank and Oakland. A Wings West spokeswoman said the carrier plans to buy 10 jets, with 50 to 68 seats each, to  serve  the American routes and other routes that Wings West plans to add.   
The step would raise an additional $1.7 billion in taxes for the government over the next five years. But accountants believe the surge in volume will seriously hamper their ability to  serve  small-business clients.   
The Council nominates successful candidates for four years . At present the Consultative Committee which  serves  the Coal and Steel Community is made up of employers , workers many of whom are trade unionists and a " general interest " group .   
The justices refused to hear a challenge to a 1984 federal law that prohibits cross-ownership of television stations and cable systems  serving  the same community.   
Asarco Inc. announced the formation of a technical services center to provide consulting in engineering, environmental sciences, research and security. The center, which will be based in Salt Lake City, consolidates the mining company's departments of environmental sciences, research and engineering into a single unit that will  serve  both Asarco and outside organizations.   
Others build their properties around a golf course or natural lake and then use these facilities as basic selling points to justify the entire project. Most of the time, though, facilities that  serve  the community commercially and culturally grow up around it.   
Eventually it hopes to be able to use twenty-four Lockheed L-1011 TriStars it has that many on order now which seem well suited to Delta's medium-size routes . ( But , like all TriStar customers , Delta has had some large uncertainties about the plane in the wake of the bankruptcy of Rolls-Royce , and has ordered five Douglas DC-10'S . ) Charles H. Dolson , chief executive , feels that Delta's prime advantage is the fact that it  serves  the Southeast and California , " the two fastest-growing regions in the country . " And although Eastern Air Lines was serving Atlanta before it did , Delta has nevertheless managed to identify itself with the growth of that city , where it is now the largest employer .   
But the company can alter its rates for intrastate long-distance calls, business systems and other services without regulatory permission. The company agreed to continue to modernize Vermont's telephone network and to continue to provide telephone service to all areas of the state it now  serves .   
A special network. The nerve fibers which  serve  these organs form a special network of fibers.   
The system spokesman said that the expected insolvency wasn't tied to that dispute, and that if the increased reserves are eventually required, the Jackson bank would be deeper in the red. The system said the Jackson bank is "exploring alternative means" of staying in business and  serving  its customers, but as of yesterday hadn't developed a plan to do that.   
Mr. Pickens dropped the bid after receiving a letter from KN refusing his bid that he described as "insulting and dishonest." Lakewood, Colo.-based KN owns three pipeline systems that  serve  wholesale and retail customers in Nebraska, Kansas, Wyoming, Texas and Colorado.   
The 70,000-kilowatt project will be built on the Cowlitz River between Riffe Lake and the town of Randle. It will generate about 250 million kilowatt hours annually to  serve  the 21,000 residents of Lewis County, the closely held construction and engineering concern said.   
Owen Butler, retired chairman of Procter & Gamble Co., is chairman of the committee's panel on the educationally disadvantaged. The committee recommended a "radical redefinition" and a "fundamental restructuring" of many schools that  serve  the disadvantaged.   
The public sector does the best and most efficient job of meeting the needs of people over age 65. The private sector has had 20 years to try to  serve  this market, and has failed.   
If branch restrictions keep them solely or almost solely within a troubled farm area, such a lending policy is to be expected -- indeed any other policy would be stupid. A nationwide bank would be much freer to construct a lending policy that would better  serve  the area.   
Lawrence K. Altman in New York Times If the kids can't go to the dentist , then the dentist must come to the kids . That's the philosophy behind the " Smilemobile " a 40-foot van run by the nonprofit Children's Dental Health Service in Rochester , N.Y. , which  serves  nearly 1000 inner-city youngsters .   
Angel Castillo, an attorney and former reporter brought in last year as associate managing editor for news to lead the paper's effort in becoming more relevant to Hispanics, says change has been painfully slow. "The Herald still has fewer people at the executive levels in the news department than it needs both to reflect the community it  serves  and to be able to understand that community," says Mr. Castillo.   
OMS was expected to request exception treatment for this , so it looks as if they're looking forward to purchases being made . A system simulator facility  serving  all federal agencies will be established by the Air Force and General Services Administration sometime this year and , it is learned , may be in business by July 1 .   
He had only come to offer his time and experience to the provincial authorities . They should call on him if ever ... A middle school  serving  Torregreca and four other townships needed a director : Don Arrigo's appointment was entirely logical .   
Your rationale is flawed because it is based on an implied premise that suitable secondary airports are available. There is in fact a dire and increasing shortage of general-aviation airports to  serve  metropolitan areas.   
NWA said that as it adjusts to its larger domestic airline system, improved schedules should make for a more efficient operation, bringing costs down. The company said it plans changes in its computer system in the months ahead that will hopefully  serve  passengers more quickly and efficiently.   
Terms weren't disclosed. Frostex, which  serves  Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and parts of Arkansas, had sales of $92 million in fiscal 1986.   
There are more than two million scattered across the country. Our Noxontown Pond was originally a marsh, dammed in 1736 to  serve  the gristmill of Thomas Noxon.   
The new unit, which has assets of $1.7 billion, will operate under the name CrossLand Savings FSB. The parent company, which has assets of more than $10 billion, said the acquisition will allow it "to  serve  the attractive California market as well as other key complementary western markets."   
The company has offices in 30 cities and local service in more than 40 . The network is  served  by 22 computer systems 19 XDS 940's , one Sigma 7 , and two PDP-10'S .   
Western is a cable-television and microwave-systems concern. Marcus owns and operates cable TV systems in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania,  serving  about 135,000 subscribers.   
At this writing , according to its president , William Lonergan , it had signed up one ( which couldn't be named because of legal complications involving , of course , communications ) and was talking to " 8 to 10 others . " Telemax has contracts with 12 airlines including American , a hold-out from the group that was contracting with Atar , which it  serves  through an interface to the airlines' Sabre system .   
Why? Electricity is moving into markets once  served  by oil and natural gas.   
The company is the U.S. subsidiary of Yamaichi Securities Co., which it said is Japan's oldest investment company. Yamaichi International said the exchange membership will enhance its ability to  serve  investors world-wide.   
The walls are lined with sticky sideboards , covered with cloudy , cracked decanters , basins of tin , and piles of thick , blue-bordered china plates that were manufactured at Tournai . In one corner , there is a box with numbered compartments that  serves  to hold the boarders' napkins , spotted with grease and wine .   
Bear, Stearns & Co. will manage the offer. The offer fits Mark IV's strategy of buying specialty manufacturers that  serve  niche markets considered too small for large companies and too complicated and expensive for small companies.   
The audit said Carolina Power should have anticipated the cancellation of three of the original four Harris units and that alleged "excess costs" could have been avoided, principally by redesigning the plant in 1975 from a single four-unit facility to two two-unit plants, Carolina Power said. The report contended that the redesign would have reduced the costs associated with the common facilities that now  serve  the Harris Unit 1, but which were originally designed to serve four units, the company said.   
The net gain includes $198 million from the sale of most of the real estate investments of its real estate unit and $13 million from the reorganization of its investment in Alcoa of Great Britain. Those gains were partly offset by the following charges: $14 million as a result of the effect of excess world-wide shipping capacity on its steamship operations; $13 million related to its investments in Venezuela and to a joint venture  serving  the oil and gas industries; and $46 million for write-offs from the shutdown of its Lancaster, Pa., plant, consolidation of two ingot plants at Alcoa, Tenn., and withdrawal from a joint venture to build a magnesium plant.   
The limit's rise from $133,250 last week enabled 200,000 purchasers to avoid higher charges associated with mortgages that exceed the ceiling. A permanent freeze would restrict Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's "continued encroachment on the market  served  by private firms," the budget said.   
It said details -- and the spin-off itself -- are expected in the next three to six months, subject to a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service that the transaction would be tax-free to both IC and its shareholders. In the past several years, IC has sold parts of the railroad, cutting it from a 9,600-mile system to its current core of 3,000 miles  serving  markets between Chicago, St. Louis, Memphis and New Orleans.   
They are KWEX, San Antonio, Texas; KMEX, Los Angeles; WX-TV, Patterson, N.J.; WL-TV, Miami, and KF-TV, Hanford, Calif. Five are so-called low-power television stations, which generally  serve  much smaller audiences than the conventional ones.   
State and local family-planning outlays for 1971 aren't available, but if we compare federal expenditures that year of $65 million with spending at all levels of government in 1981, $377 million, we find only a 2.58-fold constant-dollar increase, a far cry from the 20-fold reported by Mr. Weed. It is true, as Mr. Weed stated, that federally funded family-planning clinics  serve  1.5 million teen-agers in the U.S. Yet he failed to mention that 11 million teen-agers are sexually active.   
FIRST SOUTHERN FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION said its shareholders approved changing the company's name to Altus Bank and its charter to a federal savings bank from a savings & loan association. The Mobile, Ala.-based thrift institution said the name change, which is up for consideration at its annual meeting, was a result of the similarity between First Southern and the names of various other companies in areas it  serves .   
Completion of the transaction is expected by June 30, 1988. Mt Baker, with assets of $164 million and deposits of $110 million, represents a strategic access to areas of Washington state not currently  served  by U.S. Bancorp or its units, U.S. Bancorp said.   
The results by the two Bell holding companies reflect contrasting regional economies. San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis, whose phone company units  serve  economically vibrant California and Nevada, showed growing demand for service. On the other hand, the five-state territory served by St. Louis-based Southwestern Bell includes Texas and Oklahoma, whose economies are tattered.   
In fact, given the highly developed U.S. transportation infrastructure, few if any shippers are truly "captive" to rails. The best case is made by electric utilities that have power plants  served  by coal-hauling roads, but big utilities don't lack bargaining power.   
Typically, partners in cable ventures put their own traffic on the cable and lease capacity to others. Most international cable ventures are owned by a consortium of concerns including countries  served  by the cable.   
Gulf States joins a long list of major utilities whose solvency has been thrust into doubt over nuclear plants. Most notably, New Orleans-based Middle South Utilities Inc., which like Gulf States  serves  the huge petrochemical corridor of the Gulf Coast, recently averted financial failure by receiving last-minute rate increases for its huge Grand Gulf plant.   
Piedmont's Baltimore hub and USAir's hub in Washington would give the new company a strong presence in that region. Such a merger would combine two of the best balance sheets in the industry along with similar pay scales, compatible fleets of medium-range aircraft and a common history of prospering by  serving  second-tier hubs like Pittsburgh and Charlotte, N.C.   
It isn't known whether the IRS will try to collect the tax from such concerns. LONG WEEKEND: Trying to spread out pleas for help by toll-free phone, IRS assisters  serving  New England and upstate New York are taking calls from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays and Sundays through April 12.   
The upshot, for all practical purposes, is no competition at all. Retailers testified that no dairy other than the one  serving  them ever solicits their business. Antonio Puccio, a Brooklyn store owner, testified that when he explicitly offered his patronage to a dairy other than the one serving him, he was refused.   
The company said it is also adding executives to its senior management team. Sanford I. Weill, Commercial Credit's chairman and chief executive officer, said the new structure would enable the company to "eliminate duplication, increase productivity and efficiency and better  serve  our customers."   
Among other things, investment bankers arrange mergers and acquisitions, currency swaps and private financings. Richard J. Boyle, Chase's recently appointed vice chairman in charge of the global bank, said in an interview: "We are marshaling our forces to better  serve  our customers globally.  